 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We are a leading provider of electronic data storage products. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. 

We produce a broad range of electronic data storage products including HDDs, solid state hybrid drives (SSHD) and solid state drives (SSD), which address enterprise applications, where our products are designed for enterprise servers, mainframes and workstations; client compute applications, where our products are designed for desktop and notebook computers; and client non-compute applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as digital video recorders (DVRs), gaming consoles, personal data backup systems, portable external storage systems and digital media systems. In addition to manufacturing and selling data storage products, we provide data storage services for small to medium-sized businesses, including online backup, data protection and recovery solutions. 

Industry Overview 

Electronic Data Storage Industry 

The electronic data storage industry is comprised of companies that manufacture components or subcomponents designed for electronic data storage devices and companies that provide storage solutions through a variety of technologies such as disk drives, semiconductor-based storage technologies such as SSD storage applications and software and services for cloud growth, big data and on-premise and mobility platforms. 

Markets 

The principal markets served by the electronic data storage industry are: 

Enterprise Storage. We define enterprise storage as those solutions which are designed for mission critical and nearline applications. 

Mission critical applications are defined as those that are vital to the operation of enterprises, requiring high performance and high reliability solutions. We expect the market for mission critical enterprise storage solutions to continue to be driven by enterprises moving network traffic to dedicated storage area networks in an effort to reduce network complexity and increase energy savings. We believe that this transition will lead to an increased demand for more energy efficient, smaller form factor solutions. These solutions are comprised principally of high performance enterprise class disk drives with sophisticated firmware and communications technologies. 

Nearline applications are defined as those which require high capacity and energy efficient solutions featuring low costs per gigabyte. We expect such applications, which include storage for cloud computing, content delivery and backup services, will continue to grow and drive demand for solutions designed with these attributes. With the increased consumption of media rich content streamed from the cloud, we expect increased petabyte demand for high capacity nearline devices. 

Client Compute. We define client compute applications as solutions designed for desktop and mobile compute applications. We believe that the demand resulting from growing economies of certain countries and the continued proliferation of digital content will continue to drive demand for the client compute market. As the storage of digital content in the cloud becomes more prominent, some client compute applications require less built-in storage, and therefore alternative storage solutions are becoming more prevalent within the client compute market. 

Client Non-Compute. We define client non-compute applications as solutions designed for consumer electronic devices and disk drives used for external storage and network-attached storage (NAS). Disk drives designed for consumer electronic devices are primarily used in applications such as DVRs and gaming consoles that require a higher capacity, low cost-per-gigabyte storage solution. Disk drives for external and NAS devices are designed for purposes such as personal data backup and portable external storage, and to augment storage capacity in the consumer's current desktop, notebook, tablet or DVR disk drive capacities. Client non-compute applications also include devices designed to display digital media in the home theater. We believe the proliferation and personal creation of high definition and media-rich digital content will continue to create increasing consumer demand for higher storage solutions. 

Participants in the electronic data storage industry include: 

Major subcomponent manufacturers. Companies that manufacture components or subcomponents used in electronic data storage devices or solutions include companies that supply spindle motors, heads and media, application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and glass substrates. 

Hardware storage solutions manufacturers. Companies that transform components into storage products include disk drive manufacturers and semiconductor storage manufacturers which include integrating flash memory into storage products such as SSDs. 

System integrators. Companies that bundle and package storage solutions into client compute, client non-compute or enterprise applications as well as enterprise storage solutions. Distributors that integrate storage hardware and software into end-user applications are also included in this category. 

Storage services. Companies that provide services and solutions related to the backup, archiving, recovery and discovery of electronic data. 

Demand for Electronic Data Storage 

The continued advancement of cloud, mobile and open source computing, as well as an increase in the use and reliance on big data analytics are driving the growth of digital content. Factors contributing to this growth are the increased: 

&#149; creation and sharing of all types of digital content, such as high-resolution photos, high definition video and movies, and music by consumers and large amounts of electronic data by enterprises; &#149; aggregation and distribution of digital content through services and other offerings such as Facebook, Instagram, iTunes, LinkedIn, Netflix, Pandora and YouTube; &#149; consumption of digital content through smart phones, tablets, DVRs, and gaming consoles; &#149; use of machine generated data that is produced and stored in increasingly larger quantities; and &#149; protection of digital content through storage on backup devices and externally provided storage services. As a result of these factors, the nature and amount of content being created requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, manage, distribute, utilize and backup such content. This in turn has resulted in the rapid growth in demand for electronic data storage applications and solutions which we believe will continue to grow in developed countries as well as in emerging economies. 

Additionally, as the way electronic data is consumed continues to evolve with the proliferation of mobile devices and the growth of cloud computing, we also expect shifts in the manner that electronic data is stored. Accordingly, we expect that demand for electronic data storage in the enterprise and traditional non-compute markets will continue to grow. 

Demand Trends for Disk Drives 

We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host, distribute, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner which hard drives are delivered to market and utilized by our customers will evolve as well. 

We believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute markets that require high capacity storage solutions, as well as the data intensive client non-compute markets, will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry's ability to deliver cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices. Furthermore, the increased use of client non-compute devices that consume media rich content streamed from the cloud increases the demand for high capacity disk drives in nearline applications. 

Industry Supply Balance 

From time to time the industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive industry builds capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is generally muted. 

Our Business 

Disk Drive Technology 

The design and manufacturing of disk drives depends on highly advanced technology and manufacturing techniques and therefore requires high levels of research and development spending and capital equipment investments. Manufacturing our disk drives is a complex process that begins with the production of individual components and ends with a fully assembled disk drive. We design, fabricate and assemble a number of the most important components found in our disk drives, including read/write heads and recording media. Our design and manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple data storage applications and markets. Our core technology platforms are focused around the areal density of media and read/write head technologies. Using an integrated platform design and manufacturing leverage approach allows us to deliver a portfolio of disk drive products to service a wide range of electronic data storage applications and a wide range of industries. 

Disk drives that we manufacture are commonly differentiated by the following key characteristics: 

&#149; storage capacity, commonly expressed in gigabytes (GB) or terabytes (TB), which is the amount of data that can be stored on the disk drive; &#149; spindle rotation speed, commonly expressed in revolutions per minute (RPM), which has an effect on speed of access to data; &#149; interface transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data moves between the disk drive and the computer controller; &#149; average seek time, commonly expressed in milliseconds, which is the time needed to position the heads over a selected track on the disk surface; &#149; data transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data is transferred to and from the disk drive; &#149; input/output operations per second (IOPS), commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the maximum number of reads and writes to a storage location; 6 

&#149; product quality and reliability, commonly expressed in annualized return rates; and &#149; energy efficiency, commonly measured by the power output necessary to operate the disk drive. Areal density is a measure of storage capacity per square inch on the recording surface of a disk. The storage capacity of a disk drive is determined by the number of disks it contains as well as the areal density capability of these disks. We have been pursuing, and will continue to pursue, a number of technologies to increase areal densities across the entire range of our products for expanding disk drive capacities and reducing the number of disks and heads per drive to further reduce product costs. 

Manufacturing 

Vertically integrated hard drive manufacturers design and produce their own read/write heads and recording media, which are critical technologies for disk drives. This integrated approach enables manufacturers to lower costs and to improve the functionality of components so that they work together efficiently. 

We believe that because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, we are well suited to meet the challenges posed by the close interdependence of components for disk drives. Our manufacturing efficiency and flexibility are critical elements of our integrated business strategy. We continuously seek to improve our manufacturing efficiency and cost by: 

&#149; employing manufacturing automation to enhance our efficiency; &#149; improving product quality and reliability and reducing costs; &#149; integrating our supply chain with suppliers and customers to enhance our demand visibility and reduce our working capital requirements; &#149; coordinating between our manufacturing group and our research and development organization to rapidly achieve volume manufacturing; and &#149; leveraging the facilities we operate and the personnel we employ. A vertically integrated model, however, tends to have less flexibility when demand moderates as it exposes us to higher unit costs as capacity utilization is not optimized. 

Due to the significant challenges posed by the need to continually innovate and improve manufacturing efficiency and the continued demands on capital and research and development investments required to do so, the disk drive industry has undergone significant consolidation as disk drive manufacturers and component manufacturers merged with other companies or exited the industry. 

Components and Raw Materials 

Disk drives incorporate certain components, including a head disk assembly and a printed circuit board mounted to the head disk assembly, which are sealed inside a rigid base and top cover containing the recording components in a contamination controlled environment. We maintain a highly integrated approach to our business by designing and manufacturing a significant portion of the components we view as critical to our products, such as recording heads and media. 

Read/Write Heads. The function of the read/write head is to scan across the disk as it spins, magnetically recording or reading information. The tolerances of recording heads are extremely demanding and require state-of-the-art equipment and processes. Our read/write heads are manufactured with thin-film and photolithographic processes similar to those used to produce semiconductor integrated circuits, though challenges in magnetic film properties and topographical structures are unique to the disk drive industry. We perform all primary stages of design and manufacture of read/write heads at our 

facilities. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced read/write heads, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. 

Media. Information is written to the media, or disk, as it rotates at very high speeds past the read/write head. The media is made from non-magnetic material, usually aluminum alloy or glass, and is coated with a thin layer of magnetic material. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced finished media and aluminum substrates, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. We purchase all of our glass substrates from third parties, which we use in the disk drives we make for mobile products. 

Printed Circuit Board Assemblies. The printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs) are comprised of standard and custom ASICs and ancillary electronic control chips. The ASICs control the movement of data to and from the read/write heads and through the internal controller and interface, which communicates with the host computer. The ASICs and control chips form electronic circuitry that delivers instructions to a head positioning mechanism called an actuator to guide the heads to the selected track of a disk where the data is recorded or retrieved. Disk drive manufacturers use one or more industry standard interfaces such as serial advanced technology architecture (SATA); small computer system interface (SCSI); serial attached SCSI (SAS); or Fibre Channel (FC) to communicate to the host systems. We outsource to third parties the manufacture and assembly of the PCBAs used in our disk drives. We do not manufacture any ASICs, but we participate in their proprietary design. 

Head Disk Assembly. The head disk assembly consists of one or more disks attached to a spindle assembly powered by a spindle motor that rotates the disks at a high constant speed around a hub. Read/write heads, mounted on an arm assembly, similar in concept to that of a record player, fly extremely close to each disk surface and record data on and retrieve it from concentric tracks in the magnetic layers of the rotating disks. The read/write heads are mounted vertically on an E-shaped assembly (E-block) that is actuated by a voice-coil motor to allow the heads to move from track to track. The E-block and the recording media are mounted inside the head disk assembly. We purchase spindle motors from outside vendors and from time to time participate in the design of the motors that go into our products. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced head disk assemblies. 

Disk Drive Assembly. Following the completion of the head disk assembly, it is mated to the PCBA, and the completed unit goes through extensive defect mapping and testing prior to packaging and shipment. Disk drive assembly and test operations occur primarily at facilities located in China and Thailand. We perform subassembly and component manufacturing operations at our facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and in the United States in Minnesota. In addition, third parties manufacture and assemble components and disk drive assemblies for us in various countries worldwide. 

Suppliers of Components and Industry Constraints. There are a limited number of independent suppliers of components, such as recording heads and media, available to disk drive manufacturers. Vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers, who manufacture their own components, are less dependent on external component suppliers than less vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers. 

Commodity and Other Manufacturing Costs. The production of disk drives requires rare earth elements, precious metals, scarce alloys and industrial commodities, which are subject to fluctuations in prices and the supply of which has at times been constrained. In addition to increased costs of components and commodities, volatility in fuel costs may also increase our costs related to commodities, manufacturing and freight. As a result, we may increase our use of ocean shipments to help offset any increase in freight costs. 

Products 

We offer a broad range of HDD's, SSHD's, and SSD's, for the enterprise, datacenter, client compute and client non-compute applications. We offer more than one product within each product category and differentiate products on the basis of price, performance, form factor, capacity, interface, power consumption efficiency, security features like full disk encryption and instant encryption key replacement through our Instant Erase technology, and other customer integration requirements. Our industry is characterized by continuous and significant advances in technology which contribute to rapid product life cycles. We list our main current product offerings below. 

Enterprise Storage 

Enterprise Performance Family. Our 10,000 and 15,000 RPM Enterprise Performance Family disk drives feature increased throughput and improved energy efficiency, targeted at high random performance server application needs. Performance 10,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage capacities ranging from 300GB to 900GB, and our 15,000 RPM HDDs ship in storage capacities ranging from 146GB to 600GB. 

Enterprise Capacity HDD Family. Our Enterprise Capacity disk drives ship in a 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch form factor and in storage capacities of up to 4TB that clock in at 7,200 RPM speeds. These products are designed for bulk data storage and server environments that require high capacity, enterprise reliability, energy efficiency and integrated security, SATA and SAS interfaces. 

Enterprise Value HDD Family. Providing up to 3TB of SATA-based high capacity, 3.5-inch energy-efficient enterprise storage, the Enterprise Value hard disk drive offers low-cost bulk storage designed for vast amounts of unstructured data in the cloud. It features low power for energy efficient operations and ensures reliable operations in 24x7 multi-drive replicated environments. 

Seagate Terascale HDD Family. Available in capacities up to 4TB in a 3.5-inch enterprise-class SATA hard drive, the Terascale HDD is designed to provide data centers with the storage scalability they need to meet demands in low workload, 24x7 replicated environments. 

We also ship SSHD and SSD enterprise solutions, including our Enterprise Turbo SSHD, 1200 SSD and 600 Pro SSD products. These products offer an alternative solution to HDDs, with higher speeds than traditional HDDs, and capacities of up to 800 GB. 

Client Compute 

Laptop HDDs and SSHDs. Our family of laptop drives ship in a variety of form factors (5mm to 9.5mm drive height), capacities (250GB to 1TB) and technologies (HDD and SSHD) to support mobile needs. Used in applications ranging from traditional laptops to tablets, our drives are built to address a range of performance needs and sizes for affordable, high capacity storage. 

Spinpoint SATA Mobile Family. Our Spinpoint M8 2.5-inch mobile computing disk drives ship in 5,400 RPM, come in storage capacities of up to 1 TB, and continue to be produced under the Samsung brand name. 

Desktop HDD and SSHDs. Our 3.5-inch family of desktop drives ship in both traditional HDD and SSHD configurations and offer up to 4TB. Desktop drives are designed for applications such as PCs, workstations and personal external storage devices. 

Client Non-Compute 

Video 3.5 and Video 2.5 HDDs. We sell our 3.5 and 2.5-inch Video HDDs for use in video applications like DVR, media centers or gaming consoles. These disk drives are optimized for video 

streaming in always-on applications with capacities up to 4TB to support leading-edge digital entertainment. 

SV35: Surveillance HDDs. Our surveillance drives are built to support the high-write workload of an always-on, always-recording video surveillance system. This surveillance optimized drive was built to support the growing needs of the surveillance market with support for multiple HD streams and capacities up to 3TB. 

We ship external backup storage solutions under our Backup Plus and Expansion product lines, as well as under the Samsung and LaCie brand names. These product lines utilize our 3.5-inch and 2.5-inch disk drives, which are available in capacities up to 4TB and 1TB, respectively. In addition, we ship the Wireless Plus wireless drive for use with secondary mobile devices utilizing a 2.5-inch 1TB drive. We also ship network attached storage (NAS) solutions under our Central and Business Storage product lines. These product lines utilize our 3.5-inch disk drives; our Central products are available in capacities up to 4TB, and our Business Storage products are available in capacities up to 16TB. 

Customers 

We sell our products to major OEMs, distributors and retailers. 

The following table summarizes our revenue (1) by channel and by geography: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; &#160; &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Revenues by Channel (%) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; OEM &#160; &#160; 68 % &#160; 72 % &#160; 69 % Distributors &#160; &#160; 21 % &#160; 21 % &#160; 22 % Retail &#160; &#160; 11 % &#160; 7 % &#160; 9 % Revenues by Geography (%) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Americas &#160; &#160; 27 % &#160; 26 % &#160; 29 % EMEA &#160; &#160; 19 % &#160; 19 % &#160; 20 % Asia Pacific &#160; &#160; 54 % &#160; 55 % &#160; 51 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Revenue is attributed to countries based on the shipping location. 

OEM customers typically enter into master purchase agreements with us. These agreements provide for pricing, volume discounts, order lead times, product support obligations and other terms and conditions including sales programs offered to promote selected products. Deliveries are scheduled only after receipt of purchase orders. In addition, with limited lead-time, customers may defer most purchase orders without significant penalty. Anticipated orders from many of our customers have in the past failed to materialize or OEM delivery schedules have been deferred or altered as a result of changes in their business needs. 

Our distributors generally enter into non-exclusive agreements for the resale of our products. They typically furnish us with a non-binding indication of their near-term requirements and product deliveries are generally scheduled accordingly. The agreements and related sales programs typically provide the distributors with limited right of return and price protection rights. In addition, we offer sales programs to distributors on a quarterly and periodic basis to promote the sale of selected products in the sales channel. 

Our retail channel consists of our branded storage products sold to retailers either by us directly or by our distributors. Retail sales made by us or our distributors typically require greater marketing support, sales incentives and price protection periods. 

In fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, Dell Inc. accounted for approximately 13%, 15% and 13% of consolidated revenue, respectively, while Hewlett-Packard Company accounted for approximately 10%, 14% and 15% of consolidated revenue, respectively. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Business&#151; Dependence on Key Customers&#151;We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or canceled purchases by, one or more of our larger customers." 

Competition 

We compete primarily with manufacturers of hard drives used in the enterprise, client compute and client non-compute applications, but have in the past few years also competed with manufacturers of solid-state drives. The markets that we compete in are intensely competitive. Disk drive manufacturers not only compete for a limited number of major disk drive customers but also compete with other companies in the electronic data storage industry that provide alternative storage solutions, such as flash memory and SSDs. Some of the principal factors used by customers to differentiate among electronic data storage solutions manufacturers are storage capacity, product performance, product quality and reliability, price per unit and price per gigabyte, time-to-market and time-to-volume leadership, storage/retrieval access times, data transfer rates, form factor, product warranty and support capabilities, supply continuity and flexibility, warranty and brand. While different markets and customers place varying levels of emphasis on these factors, we believe that our products are competitive with respect to each of these factors in the markets that we currently address. 

Principal Disk Drive Competitors. Following industry consolidation during fiscal year 2012, three disk drive companies remain: 

&#149; Seagate, selling the Seagate and Samsung brands; &#149; Western Digital Corporation, operating the Western Digital and Hitachi Global Storage Technologies subsidiaries; and &#149; Toshiba Corporation Other Competitors. We also are experiencing competition from companies that provide alternative storage technologies such as flash memory and SSDs used in mobile applications such as tablets, notebooks and lower capacity hand held devices in addition to SSDs used in enterprise applications for rapid processing and high volume transactions. Additionally, we may in the future face indirect competition from customers who from time to time evaluate whether to offer electronic data storage products that may compete with our products. 

Price Erosion. Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for disk drive products with comparable capacity, performance and feature sets ("like-for-like products"). Price declines for like-for-like products ("price erosion") have been more pronounced during periods of: 

&#149; economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share; &#149; few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and &#149; industry supply exceeding demand. Disk drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature sets and/or product cost reductions. 

Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology. Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent on the ability to balance the introduction and transition of new products with time-to-volume, 

performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of service and support that our customers expect. Generally those disk drive manufactures that are able to introduce new products first benefit from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced. Changing technology also necessitates on-going investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles and economic declines. Further, there is a continued need to successfully execute product transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields become of increasing competitive importance. 

Seasonality 

The disk drive industry traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. 

Research and Development 

We are committed to developing new component technologies, products and alternative storage technologies. Our research and development focus is designed to bring new products to market in high volume, with quality attributes that our customers expect, before our competitors. Part of our product development strategy is to leverage a design platform and/or subsystem within product families to serve different market needs. This platform strategy allows for more efficient resource utilization, leverages best design practices, reduces exposure to changes in demand, and allows for achievement of lower costs through purchasing economies. Our advanced technology integration effort focuses disk drive and component research on recording subsystems, including read/write heads and recording media, market-specific product technology and technology focused towards new business opportunities. The primary purpose of our advanced technology integration effort is to ensure timely availability of mature component technologies to our product development teams as well as allowing us to leverage and coordinate those technologies in the design centers across our products in order to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace. During fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, we had product development expenses of approximately $1,133 million, $1,006 million and $875 million, respectively, which represented 8%, 7% and 8% of our consolidated revenue, respectively. 

Patents and Licenses 

As of June 28, 2013, we had 5,570 U.S. patents and 1,965 patents issued in various foreign jurisdictions as well as 1,304 U.S. and 1,259 foreign patent applications pending. The number of patents and patent applications will vary at any given time as part of our ongoing patent portfolio management activity. Due to the rapid technological change that characterizes the electronic data storage industry, we believe that, in addition to patent protection, the improvement of existing products, reliance upon trade secrets, protection of unpatented proprietary know-how and development of new products are also important to our business in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we intend to continue our efforts to broadly protect our intellectual property, including obtaining patents, where available, in connection with our research and development program. 

The electronic data storage industry is characterized by significant litigation relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. Because of rapid technological development in the electronic data storage industry, some of our products have been, and in the future could be, alleged to infringe existing patents of third parties. From time to time, we receive claims that our products infringe patents of third parties. Although we have been able to resolve some of those claims or potential claims by obtaining licenses or rights under the patents in question without a material adverse affect on us, other claims have resulted in adverse decisions or settlements. In addition, other claims are pending, which if resolved 

unfavorably to us could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For more information on these claims, see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#151;Note 14, Legal, Environmental, and Other Contingencies." The costs of engaging in intellectual property litigation in the past have been, and in the future may be, substantial, irrespective of the merits of the claim or the outcome. We have patent licenses with a number of companies. Additionally, as part of our normal intellectual property practices, we may be engaged in negotiations with other major electronic data storage companies and component manufacturers with respect to patent licenses. 

Backlog 

In view of industry practice, whereby customers may cancel or defer orders with little or no penalty, we believe backlog in the disk drive industry is of limited indicative value in estimating future performance and results. 

Environmental Matters 

Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities. 

We have established environmental management systems and continually update environmental policies and standard operating procedures for our operations worldwide. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. We budget for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures. 

Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the "Superfund" law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. We have been identified as a potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites, we have an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. We have fulfilled our responsibilities at some of these sites and remains involved in only a few at this time. 

While our ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult to predict with complete accuracy, based our current estimates of cleanup costs and its expected allocation of these costs, we do not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material. 

We may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union ("EU") enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern ("SVHCs") in products. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with the substance restrictions, recycle requirements or other environmental requirements as they are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

Employees 

At June 28, 2013, we employed approximately 53,200 employees and temporary employees worldwide, of which approximately 45,000 employees were located in our Asian operations. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees at all levels. We believe that our employee relations are good. 

Financial Information 

Financial information for our reportable business segment and about geographic areas is set forth in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#151;Note 13, Business Segment and Geographic Information." 

Corporate Information 

On July 3, 2010, we consummated our previously announced reorganization pursuant to which Seagate Technology public limited company, a public limited company organized under the laws of Ireland, became the publicly traded parent of the Seagate corporate family. Prior to the reorganization our publicly traded parent was Seagate Technology, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

Available Information 

Availability of Reports. We are a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Exchange Act"), and we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The public may read and copy any of our filings at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Because we make filings to the SEC electronically, the public may access this information at the SEC's website: www.sec.gov . This site contains reports, proxies and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Web Site Access. Our website is www.seagate.com . We make available, free of charge at the "Investors" section of our website, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act are also available on our web site. Information in, or that can be accessed through, our web site is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 

Executive Officers 

The following sets forth the name, age and position of each of the persons who were serving as executive officers as of August 7, 2013. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers. 

##TABLE_START Name 

&#160; Age &#160; Positions Stephen J. Luczo &#160; &#160; 56 &#160; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick J. O'Malley &#160; &#160; 51 &#160; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Kenneth M. Massaroni &#160; &#160; 52 &#160; Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer William D. Mosley &#160; &#160; 46 &#160; Executive Vice President, Operations Albert A. "Rocky" Pimentel &#160; &#160; 57 &#160; Executive Vice President, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer D. Kurt Richarz &#160; &#160; 52 &#160; Executive Vice President, Sales Mark Re &#160; &#160; 53 &#160; Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Douglas DeHaan &#160; &#160; 55 &#160; General Manager, Samsung HDD Brand of Products David H. Morton Jr. &#160; &#160; 41 &#160; Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer ##TABLE_END

Stephen J. Luczo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Luczo, 56, has served as President and CEO since January 2009, and continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Luczo joined Seagate in October 1993 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development. In September 1997, he was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of our predecessor, Seagate Technology, Inc. and, in July 1998, he was promoted to CEO at which time he joined the Board of Directors of Seagate Technology, Inc. He was appointed Chairman of the Board in 2002. Mr. Luczo resigned as CEO effective as of July 3, 2004, but retained his position as Chairman of the Board. He served as non-employee Chairman from October 2006 to January 2009. From October 2006 until he rejoined us in January 2009, Mr. Luczo was a private investor. Prior to joining Seagate in 1993, Mr. Luczo was Senior Managing Director of the Global Technology Group of Bear, Stearns &#38; Co. Inc., an investment banking firm, from February 1992 to October 1993. Mr. Luczo was appointed to the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation in May 2012. 

Patrick J. O'Malley, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O'Malley, 51, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2008. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President, Finance from 2005 to August 2008, and assumed the additional roles of Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer in 2006. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, Consumer Electronics from 2004 to 2005; Senior Vice President, Finance, Manufacturing from 1999 to 2004; Vice President, Finance-Recording Media from 1997 to 1999; Senior Director Finance, Desktop Design, from 1996 to 1997; Senior Director, Finance, Oklahoma City Operations from 1994 to 1996; Director/Manager, Corporate Financial Planning &#38; Analysis from 1991 to 1994; Manager, Consolidations &#38; Cost Accounting from 1990 to 1991; Manager, Consolidations from 1988 to 1990; and Senior Financial Analyst in 1988. Mr. O'Malley was appointed to the board of directors of E2open, Inc. in January 2012. 

Kenneth M. Massaroni, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Massaroni, 52, was appointed Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer in July 2011. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from April 2008 through July 2011; Vice President and Acting General Counsel from December 2007 to April 2008; and Vice President of Intellectual Property from 2006 to December 2007. Prior to joining Seagate in 2006, Mr. Massaroni was vice president of law, deputy general counsel and assistant secretary at Scientific-Atlanta Inc. from 1997 to 2006. In addition, Mr. Massaroni has also held senior patent counsel positions at Motorola Inc. from 1993 to 1997, served as general counsel and secretary at Optical Imaging Systems, Inc. from 1990 to 1992 and as a patent attorney at Energy Conversion 

Devices Inc. from 1987 to 1990, and as an associate at the law firm of Collier, Shannon, Rill and Scott from 1992 to 1993. 

William D. Mosley, Executive Vice President, Operations. Mr. Mosley, 46, has served as Executive Vice President, Operations since March 2011. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing from September 2009 through March 2011; Executive Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Product Line Management from February 2009 to September 2009; Senior Vice President, Global Disk Storage Operations from 2007 to 2009; Vice President, Research and Development, Engineering from 2002 to 2007; Senior Director, Research and Development, Engineering from 2000 to 2002; Director, Research and Development, Engineering from 1998 to 2000; and Manager, Operations and Manufacturing from 1996 to 1998. 

Albert A. "Rocky" Pimentel, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing. Mr. Pimentel, 57, joined Seagate in April 2011. Mr. Pimentel was previously a director of Seagate from 2009 until his resignation from the Board of Directors on April 7, 2011. Mr. Pimentel served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") at McAfee, Inc., from 2008 until he retired in August 2010. He served as the Executive Vice President and CFO of Glu Mobile from 2004 to 2008. Prior to joining Glu Mobile, Mr. Pimentel served as Executive Vice President and CFO at Zone Labs from 2003 to 2004, which was acquired by Check Point Software in 2004. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Pimentel was a partner with Redpoint Ventures. Mr. Pimentel also held the positions of Senior Vice President and CFO of WebTV Networks, which was acquired by Microsoft in 1997; from 1996 until 2001, Senior Vice President and CFO of LSI Logic Corporation from 1992 to 1996 and was part of the founding management team of Conner Peripherals, Inc., which was acquired by the Company in 1996. 

D. Kurt Richarz, Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing. Mr. Richarz, 52, joined Seagate in May 2006, when we acquired Maxtor Corporation. He has served as our Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing since March 2011. Prior to that, he served as our Executive Vice President, Sales from May 2008 through March 2011; Executive Vice President, Sales and Customer Service Operations since from May 2006 to May 2008; Senior Vice President of Global OEM Sales from 2007 to 2008, and Vice President of Global OEM Sales from 2006 to 2007. At Maxtor Corporation, from 2002 to 2006, he served as Vice President, Global OEM Account Sales and Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales. From 1990 to 2001, he served in various sales positions at Quantum Corporation. 

Mark Re, Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Re, 53, joined Seagate in August 2003 and has served as Senior Vice President, Research and Development, since July 2013. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Research, from August 2003 to August 2006; Senior Vice President, Research, from August 2006 to March 2009; Senior Vice President, Recording Media Operations, from March 2009 to March 2011; and Senior Vice President, Recording Media and Heads Research and Development. Mr. Re also served as Senior Vice President, Research and Development at Read Rite Corporation from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Re currently serves on the Scientific Advisory Board for the Data Storage Institute, as well as on the Pittsburgh Technology Council and the Advanced Storage Technology Consortium. 

Douglas DeHaan, General Manager, Samsung HDD Brand of Products. Mr. DeHaan, 55, has been General Manager, Samsung HDD Products since September 2012. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Operations and Materials, from February 2009 until September 2012; Senior Vice President of Quality from 2008 to 2009; Senior Vice President of Product and Process Development, Core Products, from 2003 to 2008; Senior Vice President, Process Development and Product Launch, from 2001 to 2003; Vice President, Seagate Factory of the Future Initiative, from 1999 to 2001; Vice President, Twin Cities Manufacturing Operations, from 1996 to 1999; Vice President, Singapore Operations, from 1994 to 1996; and Senior Director, Manufacturing Engineering/Twin Cities Operations, from 1992 to 1994. 

David H. Morton Jr., Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer. Mr. Morton, 41, joined Seagate in 1995 and has served as our Vice President, Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer since October 2009. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President of Finance, Sales and Marketing from March 2009 to October 2009; Vice President of Sales Operations from July 2007 to March 2009; Vice President of Finance, Storage Markets from October 2006 to July 2007; Executive Director of Consumer Electronics Finance from October 2005 to October 2006; and Executive Director of Corporate FP&#38;A from June 2004 to October 2005. Prior to June 2004, Mr. Morton held a variety of progressively senior management positions within our finance organization. 



 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to our Business 

Macroeconomic Conditions&#151;Changes in the macroeconomic environment have, and may continue to, negatively impact our results of operations. 

Due to the continuing uncertainty about current macroeconomic conditions affecting consumer and enterprise spending, we believe our customers may postpone spending in response to tighter credit, unemployment, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. Continuing high unemployment rates, low levels of consumer liquidity, risk of default on sovereign debt and volatility in credit and equity markets have weakened consumer confidence and decreased consumer and enterprise spending in many regions around the world. Other factors that could influence demand include conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and operating results. 

Competition&#151;Our industry is highly competitive and our products have experienced and may continue to experience significant price erosion and market share variability. 

The disk drive industry is intensely competitive and vendors have typically experienced substantial price erosion over the life of a product. Our competitors have historically offered existing products at lower prices as part of a strategy to gain or retain market share and customers. Should these practices continue, we may need to continually reduce our prices for existing products to retain our market share, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

While recent slowing areal density improvements and longer product lifecycles have necessitated that hard drive manufacturers reduce engagement in aggressive pricing tactics that have historically led to increased price erosion, we believe that industry price erosion and market share may remain volatile should the industry engage in aggressive pricing actions targeted to shift customer demand. 

Sales to distributors that serve producers of non-branded products in the personal storage sector may also contribute to increased price erosion. These customers generally have limited product qualification programs, which increases the number of competing products available to satisfy their demand. As a result, purchasing decisions for these customers are based largely on price and terms. Any increase in our average price erosion would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Additionally, a significant portion of our success in the past has been a result of increasing our market share at the expense of our competitors, particularly in enterprise markets. Market share for our products can be negatively affected by our customers' diversifying their sources of supply as our competitors enter the market for particular products, as well as by our ability to ramp volume production of new product offerings. When our competitors successfully introduce product offerings that are competitive with our recently introduced products, our customers may quickly diversify their sources of supply. Any significant decline in our market share in any of our principal market applications would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Principal Competitors&#151;We compete with both an independent manufacturer, whose primary focus is producing technologically advanced disk drives, and a captive manufacturer, who does not depend solely on sales of disk drives to maintain its profitability. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience intense competition from an independent disk drive manufacturer, and a captive manufacturer. The term "independent" in this context refers to manufacturers that primarily produce disk drives as a stand-alone product, such as Western Digital 

Corporation, and the term "captive" in this context refers to a manufacturer who through affiliated entities produces complete computer or other systems that contain disk drives or other electronic data storage products, such as Toshiba Corporation. 

The captive manufacturer is a formidable competitor because it has the ability to determine pricing for complete systems without regard to the margins on individual components. As components other than disk drives generally contribute a greater portion of the operating margin on a complete computer system than do disk drives, the captive manufacturer does not necessarily need to realize a profit on the disk drives included in a complete computer system and, as a result, may be willing to sell disk drives to third parties at very low margins. The captive manufacturer is also a formidable competitor because it has more substantial resources than we do. To the extent we are not successful competing with the captive or independent disk drive manufacturers, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

In response to customer demand for high-quality, high-volume and low-cost disk drives, manufacturers of disk drives have had to develop large, and in some cases global, production facilities with highly developed technological capabilities and internal controls. The development of these large production facilities combined with industry consolidation can further increase the intensity of competition. 

We also face indirect competition from present and potential customers who evaluate from time to time whether to manufacture their own disk drives or other electronic data storage products that may compete with our products. 

We also experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies like flash memory, where increasing capacity, decreasing cost, energy efficiency and improvements in performance ruggedness have resulted in competition with our lower capacity, smaller form factor disk drives. While this competition has traditionally been in the markets for handheld consumer electronics applications, these competitors have announced solid state drives (SSDs) for tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications. Certain customers for both notebook and enterprise compute applications are adopting SSDs as alternatives to hard drives in certain applications. 

Volatility of Quarterly Results&#151;Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period, and may cause our share price to decline. 

In the past, our quarterly revenue and results of operations have fluctuated, sometimes significantly, from period to period. These fluctuations, which we expect to continue, may be occasioned by a variety of factors, including: 

&#149; current uncertainty in global economic conditions may pose a risk to the overall economy; &#149; adverse changes in the level of economic activity in the major regions in which we do business; &#149; competitive pressures resulting in lower selling prices by our competitors targeted to encourage shifting of customer demand; &#149; delays or problems in our introduction of new products, particularly new disk drives with lower cost structures, the inability to achieve high production yields or delays in customer qualification or initial product quality issues; &#149; changes in purchasing patterns by our distributor customers; &#149; increased costs or adverse changes in availability of supplies of raw materials or components; &#149; the impact of corporate restructuring activities that we have and may continue to engage in; &#149; changes in the demand for the computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics that contain our disk drives, due to seasonality, economic conditions and other factors; 19 

&#149; changes in purchases from period to period by our primary customers, particularly as our competitors are able to introduce and produce in volume competing disk drive solutions or alternative storage technology solutions, such as flash memory or SSDs; &#149; shifting trends in customer demand which, when combined with overproduction of particular products, particularly when the industry is served by multiple suppliers, results in unfavorable supply/demand imbalances; &#149; our high proportion of fixed costs, including research and development expenses; &#149; announcements of new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors; and &#149; adverse changes in the performance of our products. As a result, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and results of operations may not be meaningful, and that these comparisons may not be an accurate indicator of our future performance. Our results of operations in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of investment research analysts or investors, which could cause an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares. 

Difficulty in Predicting Quarterly Demand&#151;If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products in any quarter, we may not be able to recapture the cost of our investments. 

The disk drive industry operates on quarterly purchasing cycles, with much of the order flow in any given quarter typically coming at the end of that quarter. Our manufacturing process requires us to make significant product-specific investments in inventory in each quarter for that quarter's production. Since we typically receive the bulk of our orders late in a quarter after we have made our investments, there is a risk that our orders will not be sufficient to allow us to recapture the costs of our investment before the products resulting from that investment have become obsolete. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately predict demand in the future. 

The difficulty in forecasting demand also increases the difficulty in anticipating our inventory requirements, which may cause us to over-produce finished goods, resulting in inventory write-offs, or under-produce finished goods, affecting our ability to meet customer requirements. Additionally, the risk of inventory write-offs could increase if we were to continue to hold higher inventory levels. We cannot be certain that we will be able to recover the costs associated with increased inventory. 

Other factors that may negatively impact our ability to recapture the cost of investments in any given quarter include: 

&#149; the impact of variable demand and an aggressive pricing environment for disk drives; &#149; the impact of competitive product announcements and possible excess industry supply both with respect to particular disk drive products and with respect to competing alternative storage technology solutions such as SSDs in tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications; &#149; our inability to reduce our fixed costs to match sales in any quarter because of our vertical manufacturing strategy, which means that we make more capital investments than we would if we were not vertically integrated; &#149; dependence on our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality our disk drive products, particularly the new disk drive products with lower cost structures; &#149; variations in the cost of components for our products, especially during periods when the U.S. dollar is relatively volatile as compared to other currencies; 20 

&#149; uncertainty in the amount of purchases from our distributor customers who from time to time constitute a large portion of our total sales; &#149; our product mix and the related margins of the various products; &#149; accelerated reduction in the price of our disk drives due to technological advances and/or an oversupply of disk drives in the market and shifting trends in demand which can create supply and demand imbalances; &#149; manufacturing delays or interruptions, particularly at our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand or the United States; &#149; limited access to components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers; &#149; the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the cost of producing our products and the effective price of our products to foreign consumers; and &#149; operational issues arising out of the increasingly automated nature of our manufacturing processes. New Product Offerings&#151;Market acceptance of new product introductions cannot be accurately predicted, and our results of operations will suffer if there is less demand for our new products than is anticipated. 

We are continually developing new products with the goal that we will be able to introduce technologically advanced and lower cost disk drives into the marketplace ahead of our competitors. 

The success of our new product introductions is dependent on a number of factors, including market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with product transitions, the effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand and the risk that our new products will have quality problems or other defects in the early stages of introduction that were not anticipated in the design of those products. Accordingly, we cannot accurately determine the ultimate effect that our new products will have on our results of operations. 

In addition, the success of our new product introductions is dependent upon our ability to qualify as a primary source of supply with our OEM customers. In order for our products to be considered by our customers for qualification, we must be among the leaders in time-to-market with those new products. Once a product is accepted for qualification testing, any failure or delay in the qualification process or a requirement that we requalify can result in our losing sales to that customer until new products are introduced. The limited number of high-volume OEMs magnifies the effect of missing a product qualification opportunity. These risks are further magnified because we expect competitive pressures to result in declining sales, eroding prices, and declining gross margins on our current generation products. We cannot assure that we will be among the leaders in time-to-market with new products or that we will be able to successfully qualify new products with our customers in the future. 

If we cannot successfully deliver competitive products, our future results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Smaller Form Factor Products&#151;If we do not continue to successfully market smaller form factor products, our business may suffer. 

The disk drive industry is experiencing significant increases in sales of smaller form factor disk drives or other electronic data storage technologies for an expanding number of applications, in particular notebook computers and consumer electronic devices, but also in personal computers and enterprise storage applications. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop and introduce smaller form factor products at desired price and capacity points faster than our competitors. 

We have experienced competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies like solid state or flash memory, where increased capacity, improving cost, energy efficiency and 

performance ruggedness have resulted in flash memory largely replacing disk drives in handheld applications. We believe that the demand for disk drives to store or back up related media content from such handheld devices, however, continues to grow. While this competition has traditionally been limited to the markets for handheld consumer electronics applications, these competitors have announced SSDs for tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications. 

If we do not suitably adapt our product offerings to successfully introduce additional smaller form factor disk drives or alternative storage products based on flash storage technology, or if our competitors are successful in achieving customer acceptance of SSD products for tablet, notebook and enterprise compute applications, then our customers may decrease the amounts of our products that they purchase, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Dependence on Supply of Components, Equipment and Raw Materials&#151;If we experience shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical components, equipment or raw materials necessary to manufacture our products, we may suffer lower operating margins, production delays and other material adverse effects. 

The cost, quality and supply of components, certain equipment and raw materials used to manufacture disk drives and key components like recording media and heads are critical to our success. The equipment we use to manufacture our products and components is frequently custom made and comes from a few suppliers and the lead times required to obtain manufacturing equipment can be significant. Particularly important components for disk drives include read/write heads, aluminum or glass substrates for recording media, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, and suspension assemblies. We rely on sole suppliers or a limited number of suppliers for some of these components that we do not manufacture, including aluminum and glass substrates, read/write heads, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, and suspension assemblies. Many of such component suppliers are geographically concentrated, in particular, in Thailand, which makes our supply chain more vulnerable to regional disruptions such as the recent flooding in Thailand, which has had a material impact on the production and availability of many components. If our vendors for these components are unable to meet our cost, quality, and supply requirements, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Certain rare earth elements are critical in the manufacture of our products. We purchase components that contain rare earth elements from a number of countries, including the People's Republic of China. We cannot predict whether any nation will impose regulations, quotas or embargoes upon the rare earth elements incorporated into our products that would restrict the worldwide supply of such metals or increase their cost. We have experienced increased costs and production delays when we were unable to obtain the necessary equipment or sufficient quantities of some components, and/or have been forced to pay higher prices or make volume purchase commitments or advance deposits for some components, equipment or raw materials that were in short supply in the industry in general. If any major supplier were to restrict the supply available to us or increase the cost of the rare earth elements used in our products, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Consolidation among component manufacturers may result in some component manufacturers exiting the industry or not making sufficient investments in research to develop new components. 

If there is a shortage of, or delay in supplying us with, critical components, equipment or raw materials, then: 

&#149; it is likely that our suppliers would raise their prices and, if we could not pass these price increases to our customers, our operating margin would decline; 22 

&#149; we might have to reengineer some products, which would likely cause production and shipment delays, make the reengineered products more costly and provide us with a lower rate of return on these products; &#149; we would likely have to allocate the components we receive to certain of our products and ship less of others, which could reduce our revenues and could cause us to lose sales to customers who could purchase more of their required products from manufacturers that either did not experience these shortages or delays or that made different allocations; and &#149; we might be late in shipping products, causing potential customers to make purchases from our competitors, thus causing our revenue and operating margin to decline. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain critical components in a timely and economic manner. 

Importance of Time-to-Maturity&#151;Our results of operations may depend on our being among the first-to-maturity with new product offerings and achieving sufficient production volume with our new products. 

To achieve consistent success with our OEM customers, it is important that we be an early provider of new types of disk drives featuring leading, high-quality technology and lower per gigabyte storage cost. Historically, our results of operations have substantially depended upon our ability to be among the first-to-maturity with new product offerings. Our market share and results of operations in the future may be adversely affected if we fail to: 

&#149; consistently maintain our time-to-maturity performance with our new products; &#149; produce these products in sufficient volume; &#149; qualify these products with key customers on a timely basis by meeting our customers' performance and quality specifications; or &#149; achieve acceptable manufacturing yields, quality and costs with these products. If the delivery of our products is delayed, our OEM customers may use our competitors' products to meet their production requirements. If the delay of our products causes delivery of those OEMs' computer systems into which our products are integrated to be delayed, consumers and businesses may purchase comparable products from the OEMs' competitors. 

We face the related risk that consumers and businesses may wait to make their purchases if they want to buy a new product that has been shipped or announced but not yet released. If this were to occur, we may be unable to sell our existing inventory of products that may be less efficient and cost effective compared to new products. As a result, even if we are among the first-to-maturity with a given product, subsequent introductions or announcements by our competitors of new products could cause us to lose revenue and not achieve a positive return on our investment in existing products and inventory. 

Industry Demand&#151;Poor global economic conditions and changes in demand for computer systems and storage subsystems may cause in the future a decline in demand for our products. 

Our disk drives are components in computers, computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics devices. The demand for these products has been volatile. During times of poor global economic conditions, consumer spending tends to decline and retail demand for personal computers and consumer electronics devices tends to decrease, as does enterprise demand for computer systems and storage subsystems. Moreover, unexpected slowdowns in demand for computer systems, storage subsystems or consumer electronics devices generally cause sharp declines in demand for disk drive products. The decline in consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Additional causes of declines in demand for our products in the past have included announcements or introductions of major new operating systems or semiconductor improvements or changes in consumer preferences, such as the shift to mobile devices. We believe these announcements and introductions have from time to time caused consumers to defer their purchases and made inventory obsolete. Whenever an oversupply of disk drives causes participants in our industry to have higher than anticipated inventory levels, we experience even more intense price competition from other disk drive manufacturers than usual. 

Dependence on Distributors&#151;We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the volatility of our sales. 

A substantial portion of our sales has been to distributors of disk drive products. Certain of our distributors may also market other products that compete with our products. Product qualification programs in this distribution channel are limited, which increases the number of competing products that are available to satisfy demand, particularly in times of lengthening product cycles. As a result, purchasing decisions in this channel are based largely on price, terms and product availability. Sales volumes through this channel are also less predictable and subject to greater volatility than sales to our OEM customers. In addition, deterioration in business and economic conditions could exacerbate price erosion and volatility as distributors lower prices to compensate for lower demand and higher inventory levels. Our distributors' ability to access credit for purposes of funding their operations may also affect purchases of our products by these customers. 

If distributors reduce their purchases of our products or prices decline significantly in the distribution channel or if distributors experience financial difficulties or terminate their relationships with us, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Dependence on Key Customers&#151;We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or cancelled purchases by, one or more of our larger customers. 

Some of our key customers account for a large portion of our disk drive revenue. While we have longstanding relationships with many of our customers, if any of our key customers were to significantly reduce their purchases from us, our results of operations would be adversely affected. While sales to major customers may vary from period to period, a major customer that permanently discontinues or significantly reduces its relationship with us could be difficult to replace. In line with industry practice, new customers usually require that we pass a lengthy and rigorous qualification process at the customer's cost. Accordingly, it may be difficult or costly for us to attract new major customers. Additionally, mergers, acquisitions, consolidations or other significant transactions involving our customers generally entail risks to our business. If a significant transaction involving any of our key customers results in the loss of or reduction in purchases by these key customers, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Dependence on Sales of Disk Drives in Client Non-Compute Applications&#151;Our sales of disk drives for client non-compute applications, which have contributed significant revenues to our results, can experience significant volatility due to seasonal and other factors, which could materially adversely impact our future results of operations. 

Sales of disk drives for client non-compute applications have contributed significant revenues to our results. Consumer spending on client non-compute has, and may continue to, deteriorate in many countries and regions, due to poor global economic conditions and high levels of unemployment. This could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the demand for client non-compute products can be even more volatile and unpredictable than the demand for client compute products. In some cases, our products manufactured for client non-compute applications are uniquely configured for a single customer's application, which creates a risk 

of unwanted and unsellable inventory if the anticipated volumes are not realized. This potential for unpredictable volatility is increased by the possibility of competing alternative storage technologies like flash memory meeting the customers' cost and capacity metrics, resulting in a rapid shift in demand from our products and disk drive technology, generally, to alternative storage technologies. Unpredictable fluctuations in demand for our products or rapid shifts in demand from our products to alternative storage technologies in new client non-compute applications could materially adversely impact our future results of operations. 

Dependence on Sales of Disk Drives Directly to Consumers Through Retail Outlets&#151;Our sales of disk drives directly to consumers through retail outlets can experience significant volatility due to seasonal and other factors, which could materially adversely impact our future results of operations. 

We believe that industry demand for storage products in the long-term is increasing due to the proliferation of media-rich digital content in consumer applications and is fueling increased consumer demand for storage. This has led to the expansion of solutions such as external storage products to provide additional storage capacity and to secure data in case of disaster or system failure, or to provide independent storage solutions for multiple users in home or small business environments. Consumer spending on retail sales of our branded solutions has deteriorated in some markets and may continue to do so if poor global economic conditions continue and higher levels of unemployment persist. This could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, such retail sales of our branded solutions traditionally experience seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the first half of our fiscal year driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. Additionally, our ability to reach such consumers depends on our maintaining effective working relationships with major retailers and distributors. Failure to anticipate consumer demand for our branded solutions as well as an inability to maintain effective working relationships with retail and online distributors may adversely impact our future results of operations. 

Importance of Controlling Operating Costs&#151;If we do not control our operating expenses, we will not be able to compete effectively in our industry. 

Our strategy involves, to a substantial degree, increasing revenue and product volume while at the same time controlling operating expenses. If we do not control our operating expenses, our ability to compete in the marketplace may be impaired. In the past, activities to reduce operating costs have included closures and transfers of facilities, significant personnel reductions and efforts to increase automation. The reduction of personnel and closure of facilities may adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in required volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other disruptions that affect our products and customer service. 

Impairment Charges&#151;We may be required to record impairment charges for goodwill and/or other long-lived assets. 

We are required to assess goodwill annually for impairment, or on an interim basis whenever events occur or circumstances change, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We are also required to test other long-lived assets, including acquired intangible assets and property, equipment and leasehold improvements, for recoverability and impairment whenever there are indicators of impairment, such as an adverse change in business climate. 

Adverse changes in business conditions could materially impact our estimates of future operations and result in impairment charges to our goodwill or other long lived assets. If our goodwill or other long-lived assets were to become impaired, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Impact of Technological Change&#151;Increases in the areal density of disk drives may outpace customers' demand for storage capacity. 

The rate of increase in areal density, or storage capacity per square inch on a disk, may be greater than the increase in our customers' demand for aggregate storage capacity, particularly in certain market applications like client compute. As a result, our customers' storage capacity needs may be satisfied with lower priced, low capacity disk drives. These factors could decrease our sales, especially when combined with continued price erosion, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in Electronic Data Storage Products&#151;Future changes in the nature of electronic data storage products may reduce demand for traditional disk drive products. 

We expect that in the future, new personal computing devices and products will be developed, some of which, such as Internet appliances, tablet or mobile phones with advanced capabilities, or smartphones, may not contain a disk drive. While we are investing development resources in designing disk drives for these new applications, these new applications may have an impact on future demand for disk drive products. Products using alternative technologies, such as flash memory and other storage technologies, are becoming increasingly common and could become a significant source of competition to particular applications of our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

New Product Development and Technological Change&#151;If we do not develop products in time to keep pace with technological changes, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Our customers have demanded new generations of disk drive products as advances in computer hardware and software have created the need for improved storage products, with features such as increased storage capacity, improved performance and reliability and lower cost. We, and our competitors, have developed improved products, and we will need to continue to do so in the future. Such product development requires significant investments in research and development. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully complete the design or introduction of new products in a timely manner, that we will be able to manufacture new products in sufficient volumes with acceptable manufacturing yields, that we will be able to successfully market these new products or that these products will perform to specifications on a long-term basis. In addition, the impact of slowing areal density growth may adversely impact our ability to be successful. 

When we develop new products with higher capacity and more advanced technology, our results of operations may decline because the increased difficulty and complexity associated with producing these products increases the likelihood of reliability, quality or operability problems. If our products suffer increases in failures, are of low quality or are not reliable, customers may reduce their purchases of our products and our manufacturing rework and scrap costs and service and warranty costs may increase. In addition, a decline in the reliability of our products may make us less competitive as compared with other disk drive manufacturers or competing technologies. 

Substantial Leverage&#151;Our substantial leverage may place us at a competitive disadvantage in our industry. 

We are leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Our significant debt and debt service requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take 

advantage of potential business opportunities. For example, our high level of debt presents the following risks: 

&#149; we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements; &#149; our substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; &#149; our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations or capital in the future and implement our business strategies; &#149; our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements; and &#149; covenants in our debt instruments limit our ability to pay future dividends or make other restricted payments and investments. In the event that we need to refinance all or a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as the terms of our existing debt or refinance our existing debt at all. If prevailing interest rates or other factors existing at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to the refinanced debt would increase. Furthermore, if any rating agency changes our credit rating or outlook, our debt and equity securities could be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt or raise additional capital. 

Significant Debt Service Requirements&#151;Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash and our ability to generate cash may be affected by factors beyond our control. 

Our business may not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of, or interest on, our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances and other general corporate requirements. 

Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that: 

&#149; our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations; &#149; we will continue to realize the cost savings, revenue growth and operating improvements that result from the execution of our long-term strategic plan; or &#149; future sources of funding will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. If we cannot fund our liquidity needs, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures; product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements. We cannot assure you that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that they would permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In addition if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage, including the risk that we will be unable to service our debt or generate enough cash flow to fund our liquidity needs, could intensify. 

Failure to Pay Quarterly Dividends&#151;Our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our shareholders could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly. 

Our ability to pay quarterly dividends will be subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements, and other factors. Any reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly. Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly dividends is reduced or discontinued, our failure or inability to resume paying dividends at historical levels could result in a persistently low market valuation of our ordinary shares. 

Purchase Commitments to Certain Suppliers&#151;If revenues fall or customer demand decreases significantly, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments to certain suppliers. 

From time to time, we enter into long-term, non-cancelable purchase commitments with certain suppliers in order to secure certain components for the production of our products or to supplement our internal manufacturing capacity for certain components. If our actual revenues in the future are lower than our projections or if customer demand decreases significantly below our projections, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments with these suppliers. As a result, it is possible that we will have to shift output from our internal manufacturing facilities to these suppliers or make penalty-type payments under these contracts. 

Risks Associated with Future Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures or Investments&#151;We may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investment opportunities, or successfully acquire and integrate companies that provide complementary products or technologies. 

Our growth strategy may involve pursuing strategic alliances with, making acquisitions of, forming joint ventures with or making investments in other companies that are complementary to our business. There is substantial competition for attractive strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture and investment candidates. Accordingly, we may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances, acquisition, joint venture, or investment candidates. Even if we can identify them, we cannot assure you that we will be able to partner with, acquire or invest in suitable candidates, or integrate acquired technologies or operations successfully into our existing technologies and operations. Moreover, our ability to finance potential strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments will be limited by our high degree of leverage, the covenants contained in the indentures that govern our outstanding indebtedness, and any agreements governing any other debt we may incur. 

If we are successful in forming strategic alliances or acquiring, forming joint ventures or making investments in other companies, any of these transactions may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly while the operations of an acquired business are being integrated. It is also likely that integration of acquired companies would lead to the loss of key employees from those companies or the loss of customers of those companies. In addition, the integration of any acquired companies would require substantial attention from our senior management, which may limit the amount of time available to be devoted to our day-to-day operations or to the execution of our strategy. Growth by strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture or investment involves an even higher degree of risk to the extent we combine new product offerings and enter new markets in which we have limited experience, and no assurance can be given that acquisitions of entities with new or alternative business models will be successfully integrated or achieve their stated objectives. 

Furthermore, the expansion of our business involves the risk that we might not manage our growth effectively, that we would incur additional debt to finance these acquisitions or investments, that we may have impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets associated with these acquisitions and that we would incur substantial charges relating to the write-off of in-process research and development, similar to 

that which we incurred in connection with several of our prior acquisitions. Each of these items could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, we could issue additional ordinary shares in connection with future strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures or investments. Issuing shares in connection with such transactions would have the effect of diluting your ownership percentage of the ordinary shares and could cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline. 

Risk of Intellectual Property Litigation&#151;We are at times subject to intellectual property legal proceedings and claims which could which could cause us to incur significant additional costs or prevent us from selling our products, and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject from time-to-time to legal proceedings and claims, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of third parties by us, or our customers, in connection with their use of our products. Intellectual property litigation can be expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert our management's attention from operating our business. In addition, intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Patent litigation has increased due to the current uncertainty of the law and the increasing competition and overlap of product functionality in the field. Some of the actions that we face from time-to-time seek injunctions against the sale of our products and/or substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could materially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of others. We may not be aware of currently filed patent applications that relate to our products or technology. If patents are later issued on these applications, we may be liable for infringement. If our products were found to infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing products in one or more geographic locations, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to the technology infringed. We might not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able to reengineer our products successfully to avoid infringement. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See Part II, "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#151;Note 14, Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of pending intellectual property proceedings. 

Protection of our Intellectual Property&#151;We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our IP rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our IP rights and those of others, including claims that we may be infringing patents, trademarks and other IP rights of third-parties. We expect that we will be involved in similar disputes in the future. 

There can be no assurance that: 

&#149; any of our existing patents will continue to be held valid, if challenged; &#149; patents will be issued for any of our pending applications; &#149; any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope or strength to protect us; or &#149; our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are sold in order to protect our rights and potential commercial advantage. In addition, our competitors may be able to design their products around our patents and other proprietary rights. Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring a patent infringement action and are not successful, our competitors would be able to use similar technology to compete with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an action may successfully countersue us for infringement of their patents or assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. 

Cyber Attacks, System Failures and Breaches&#151;We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences if we sustain cyber attacks or other data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties. 

Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment and the electronic data stored in our databases from damage by, among other things, earthquake, fire, natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, employee misconduct, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events or disruptions. We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. In addition, our outsourcing services and cloud computing businesses routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data for our customers and vendors, including sensitive and personally identifiable information. As our operations become more automated and increasingly interdependent, our exposure to the risks posed by these types of events will increase. We may also be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use for these purposes, information technology system failures and network disruptions. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. 

The costs to us to eliminate or address the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, or other critical functions. We could lose existing or potential customers for outsourcing services or other information technology solutions in connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose us, our vendors and customers, or other third-parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. In addition, we rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security problems and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us. 

We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the U.S. and other countries relating to the collection, use, and security of user data. Our ability to execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to notify vendors, customers or employees of a data security breach. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. 

Economic Risks Associated with International Operations&#151;Our international operations subject us to risks related to currency exchange fluctuations, longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries, seasonality and disruptions in foreign markets, tariffs and duties, price controls, potential adverse tax consequences, increased costs, our customers' credit and access to capital and health-related risks. 

We have significant operations in foreign countries, including manufacturing facilities, sales personnel and customer support operations. We have manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in addition to those in the United States. A substantial portion of our client compute disk drive assembly occurs in our facility in China. 

Our international operations are subject to economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries, including the following: 

&#149; Disruptions in Foreign Markets. Disruptions in financial markets and the deterioration of the underlying economic conditions in the past in some countries, including those in Asia, have had an impact on our sales to customers located in, or whose end-user customers are located in, these countries. &#149; Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates. Prices for our products are denominated predominately in U.S. dollars, even when sold to customers that are located outside the United States. Currency instability in Asia and other geographic markets may make our products more expensive than products sold by other manufacturers that are priced in the local currency. Moreover, many of the costs associated with our operations located outside the United States are denominated in local currencies. As a consequence, the increased strength of local currencies against the U.S. dollar in countries where we have foreign operations would result in higher effective operating costs and, potentially, reduced earnings. From time to time, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates have negatively affected our operations and profitability and there can be no assurance that these fluctuations will not adversely affect our operations and profitability in the future. We may attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts. However, these contracts may not cover our full exposure and subject us to certain counterparty credit risks. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&#151;Foreign Currency Exchange Risk" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K additional information about our foreign currency exchange risk. &#149; Longer Payment Cycles. Our customers outside of the United States are often allowed longer time periods for payment than our U.S. customers. This increases the risk of nonpayment due to the possibility that the financial condition of particular customers may worsen during the course of the payment period. &#149; Seasonality. Seasonal reductions in the business activities of our customers during the summer months, particularly in Europe, typically result in lower earnings during those periods. &#149; Tariffs, Duties, Limitations on Trade and Price Controls. Our international operations are affected by limitations on imports, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations, price controls and other restraints on trade. In addition, the governments of many countries, including China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in which we have significant operating 31 

assets, have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over many aspects of their domestic economies and international trade. 

&#149; Potential Adverse Tax Consequences. Our international operations create a risk of potential adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by subsidiaries. &#149; Increased Costs. The shipping and transportation costs associated with our international operations are typically higher than those associated with our U.S. operations, resulting in decreased operating margins in some foreign countries. &#149; Credit and Access to Capital Risks. Our international customers could have reduced access to working capital due to higher interest rates, reduced bank lending resulting from contractions in the money supply or the deterioration in the customer's or its bank's financial condition, or the inability to access other financing. &#149; Global Health Outbreaks. The occurrence of a pandemic disease may adversely impact our operations, and some of our key customers. Such diseases could also potentially disrupt the timeliness and reliability of the distribution network we rely on. Political Risks Associated with International Operations&#151;Our international operations subject us to risks related to economic conditions, political unrest and terrorism. 

We have manufacturing facilities in parts of the world that periodically experience political unrest. This could disrupt our ability to manufacture important components as well as cause interruptions and/or delays in our ability to ship components to other locations for continued manufacture and assembly. Any such delays or interruptions could result in delays in our ability to fill orders and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. U.S. and international responses to the ongoing hostilities in various regions and the risk of terrorist attacks or hostilities elsewhere in the world could exacerbate these risks. 

Macroeconomic developments like the debt crisis in certain countries in the European Union and slowing economies in parts of Asia and South America could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition which, in turn, could adversely affect our stock price. A general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce their information technology (IT) budgets or be unable to fund hardware systems, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services. 

In addition, political unrest in regions like the Middle East, terrorist attacks around the globe and the potential for other hostilities in various parts of the world, potential public health crises and natural disasters continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. These factors generally have the strongest effect on our sales. 

Legal and Operational Risks Associated with International Operations&#151;Our international operations subject us to risks related to staffing and management, legal and regulatory requirements and the protection of intellectual property. 

Operating outside of the United States creates difficulties associated with staffing and managing our international manufacturing facilities, complying with local legal and regulatory requirements and protecting our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be found to be operating in compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject. We also cannot assure you that these laws will not be modified. 

Dependence on Key Personnel&#151;The loss of key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business prospects. 

Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of management as well as marketing, sales and product development personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe our future success will also depend in large part upon our ability to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing, sales and product development personnel. We have experienced intense competition for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining personnel in the future. 

Securities Litigation&#151;Significant fluctuations in the market price of our ordinary shares could result in securities class action claims against us. 

Significant price and value fluctuations have occurred with respect to the publicly traded securities of disk drive companies and technology companies generally. The price of our ordinary shares is likely to be volatile in the future. In the past, following periods of decline in the market price of a company's securities, class action lawsuits have often been pursued against that company. If similar litigation were pursued against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Global Credit and Financial Market Conditions&#151;Deterioration in global credit and financial market conditions could negatively impact the value of our current portfolio of cash equivalents or short-term investments and our ability to meet our financing objectives. 

Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable debt securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase. Our investment policy has as its principal objectives the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. We mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and by monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. 

While as of the date of this filing, we are not aware of any other material downgrades, losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or short-term investments , no assurance can be given that further deterioration in conditions of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents or short-term investments or our ability to meet our financing objectives. 

Environmental Regulations&#151;Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries may subject us and our suppliers to state, federal and international laws and regulations governing protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, restrictions on the presence of certain substances in electronic products and the responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling. We endeavor to ensure that we and our suppliers comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, however, compliance may increase our operating costs and otherwise impact future financial results. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations, initiatives, or standards of conduct, our customers may refuse to purchase our products and we could be subject to fines, penalties and possible prohibition of sales of our products into one or 

more states or countries, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation, which could result in a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations. 

New conflict minerals regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products. 

In August 2012, the SEC adopted new rules establishing additional disclosure and reporting requirements regarding the use of specified minerals, or conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. These new rules will require us to determine, disclose and report whether or not such conflict minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country, the first such report being due on May 31, 2014. These new rules could affect our ability to source certain materials used in our products at competitive prices and could impact the availability of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, including gold, tantalum, tin and tungsten. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers of "conflict free" minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict free minerals in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our customers, including our OEM customers, may require that our products be free of conflict minerals, and our revenues and margins may be harmed if we are unable to procure conflict free minerals at a reasonable price, or at all, or are unable to pass through any increased costs associated with meeting these demands. Additionally, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of all minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement. We may also face challenges with government regulators and our customers and suppliers if we are unable to sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are conflict free. We expect that there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs related to possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification and disclosure requirements. 

Seasonality&#151;Because we experience seasonality in the sales of our products, our results of operations will generally be adversely impacted during the second half of our fiscal year. 

Sales of computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics tend to be seasonal, and therefore we expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers' demand for disk drives. In particular, we anticipate that sales of our products will continue to be lower during the second half of our fiscal year. In the client compute and client non-compute market applications of our business, this seasonality is partially attributable to the historical trend in our results derived from our customers' increased sales of desktop computers, notebook computers, and consumer electronics during the back-to-school and winter holiday season. In the enterprise market our sales are seasonal because of the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles of our end users. Since our working capital needs peak during periods in which we are increasing production in anticipation of orders that have not yet been received, our results of operations will fluctuate seasonally even if the forecasted demand for our products proves accurate. Furthermore, it is difficult for us to evaluate the degree to which this seasonality may affect our business in future periods because of the rate and unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions, particularly in the client non-compute market, as well as macroeconomic conditions. 

Volatile Public Markets&#151;The price of our ordinary shares may be volatile and could decline significantly. 

The stock market, in general, and the market for technology stocks in particular, has recently experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. If these market or industry-based fluctuations continue, the trading price of our ordinary shares could decline significantly independent of our actual operating performance, and you could lose all or a substantial part 

of your investment. The market price of our ordinary shares could fluctuate significantly in response to several factors, including among others: 

&#149; general uncertainty in stock market conditions occasioned by global economic conditions, negative financial news and the continued instability of several large financial institutions; &#149; actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; &#149; announcements of innovations, new products or significant price reductions by us or our competitors, including those competitors who offer alternative storage technology solutions; &#149; our failure to meet the performance estimates of investment research analysts; &#149; the timing of announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions; &#149; general stock market conditions; &#149; the occurrence of major catastrophic events; &#149; changes in financial estimates by investment research analysts; &#149; changes in the credit ratings of our indebtedness by rating agencies; and &#149; the sale of our ordinary shares held by certain equity investors or members of management. Political events, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues and other circumstances could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, public health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on our business, our suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and customers. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events beyond our control. Such events could decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver products to our customers, or to receive components from our suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. In the event of a natural disaster, losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be negatively affected by stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in our operations and some of our key customers. 

If we do not realize the expected benefits of our Strategic Alignment with Samsung, our business and financial condition may be materially impaired. 

We may not achieve the desired benefits from our strategic alignment with Samsung. Even if we are able to successfully integrate the business that we acquired from Samsung into our business, we may not be able to realize the cost savings, synergies and growth that we anticipate from this transaction in the timeframe we currently expect, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than we currently expect, because of a number of risks, including but not limited to: 

&#149; The possibility that the transaction may not further our business strategy as we expected; &#149; Our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume in the transaction; and &#149; The risk of intellectual property disputes with respect to the acquired assets. 35 

In addition, the Chinese Ministry of Commerce conditioned its approval of the Samsung acquisition on our compliance with several on-going requirements, including: adopting measures to keep the Samsung HDD brand as a separate competitor to the Seagate HDD brand, expanding the Samsung HDD production capacity within six months of the decision, and investing at least $800 million per year for three years in R&#38;D in our combined Samsung and Seagate HDD businesses. Compliance with these obligations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that result in reduced revenue. Noncompliance could result in extending the time under which we would be compelled to operate under these conditions. 

As a result of these risks, the transaction may not contribute to our earnings as we expected, we may not achieve expected cost synergies when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of this transaction. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards might be limited. 

At June 28, 2013, the use of approximately $358 million and $90 million of our U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, respectively, is subject to an aggregate annual limitation of $45 million pursuant to U.S. tax law. To the extent these net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are available, we intend to use them to reduce the corporate income tax liability associated with our operations in the U.S. Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards that might be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant changes in ownership. As a result, future changes in ownership, such as changes in ownership resulting from future repurchases of our ordinary shares, could put limitations on the availability of our net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards. If certain ownership changes occur in the foreseeable future, there may be an additional annual limitation on our ability to use our total U.S. federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards of $2.8 billion, $1.8 billion, and $415 million, respectively. If these ownership changes were to occur, we estimate a one-time charge for additional U.S. income tax expense of approximately $400 to $500 million may be recorded in the period such change occurs. This additional income tax expense results from a decrease in our net U.S. deferred tax assets recorded through a combination of the write off of deferred tax assets and associated changes to our valuation allowance. We also estimate that the ensuing additional annual limitation on our ability to use tax attribute carryovers may result in increased U.S. income tax expense associated with such change of approximately $70 to $85 million each year. 



 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

&#160; The following is a discussion of the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended June 28, 2013, June 29, 2012, and July 1, 2011. 

&#160; You should read this discussion in conjunction with "Item 6. Selected Financial Data" and "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as noted, references to any fiscal year mean the twelve-month period ending on the Friday closest to June 30 of that year. 

&#160; Some of the statements and assumptions included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects and estimates of industry growth for the fiscal year ending June 27, 2014 and beyond. These statements identify prospective information and include words such as "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "projects," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are based on management's current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are conditioned upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: uncertainty in global economic conditions, as consumers and businesses may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and financial news; the impact of variable demand and the adverse pricing environment for disk drives, particularly in view of current business and economic conditions; dependence on our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell our disk drive products in increasing volumes on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality, particularly the new disk drive products with lower cost structures; the impact of competitive product announcements; possible excess industry supply with respect to particular disk drive products and our ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with restructuring plans. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements is also set forth in "Item 1A.Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we encourage you to carefully read. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. The following is a discussion of the financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended June 28, 2013, June 29, 2012, and July 1, 2011. 

Our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&#38;A) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. MD&#38;A is organized as follows: 

&#149; Our Company. Discussion of our business. &#149; Business Overview. Discussion of industry trends and their impact on our business. &#149; Fiscal Year 2013 Summary. Overview of financial and other highlights affecting us for fiscal year 2013. &#149; Results of Operations. Analysis of our financial results comparing fiscal year 2013 to 2012 and comparing fiscal years 2012 to 2011. &#149; Liquidity and Capital Resources. An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our financial condition including the credit quality of our investment portfolio and potential sources of liquidity. 43 

&#149; Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements. Overview of contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding as of June 28, 2013 and an explanation of off-balance-sheet arrangements. &#149; Critical Accounting Estimates. Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results. Our Company 

We are a leading provider of electronic data storage products. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, high quality and cost effectiveness. 

We produce a broad range of electronic data storage products including HDDs, solid state hybrid drives (SSHD) and solid state drives (SSD), which address enterprise applications, where our products are designed for enterprise servers, mainframes and workstations; client compute applications, where our products are designed for desktop and notebook computers; and client non-compute applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as digital video recorders (DVRs), gaming consoles, personal data backup systems, portable external storage systems and digital media systems. In addition to manufacturing and selling data storage products, we provide data storage services for small to medium-sized businesses, including online backup, data protection and recovery solutions. 

Business Overview 

Our industry is characterized by several trends and factors that have a material impact on our strategic planning, financial condition and results of operations. 

Industry Supply Balance 

From time to time the industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the disk drive industry builds capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is generally muted. 

In early October 2011, floodwaters north of Bangkok, Thailand inundated many manufacturing industrial parks that contained a number of the factories supporting the HDD industry's supply chain. The HDD industry had concentrated a large portion of its supply chain participants within these industrial parks in an effort to reduce cost and improve logistics. As a result, the inundation of floodwaters into these industrial parks had caused the closure or suspension of production by a number of participants within the HDD supply chain. 

During the supply chain disruption in fiscal year 2012, we believe demand exceeded supply due to the impact from the flooding in Thailand, resulting in an increase in the average selling price ("ASP"). The industry's ability to manufacture and ship drives had substantially recovered as of the end of fiscal year 2012. During fiscal year 2013, price erosion has been relatively benign. 

Demand Trends for Disk Drives 

We believe that continued growth in digital content requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host, distribute, manage, backup and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the manner which hard drives are delivered to market and utilized by our customers will evolve as well. 

We believe that in the foreseeable future the traditional enterprise and client compute markets that require high capacity storage solutions, as well as the data intensive client non-compute markets, will continue to be best served by hard disk drives due to the industry's ability to deliver cost effective, reliable and energy efficient mass storage devices. Furthermore, the increased use of client non-compute devices that consume media rich content streamed from the cloud increases the demand for high capacity disk drives in nearline applications. 

Price Erosion. Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for disk drive products with comparable capacity, performance and feature sets ("like-for-like products"). 

Disk drive manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of disk drive products characterized by higher capacity, better performance and additional feature sets and/or product cost reductions. 

Seasonality 

The disk drive industry traditionally experiences seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the back-to-school season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. In addition, corporate demand is typically higher during the second half of the calendar year. 

Fiscal Year 2013 Summary 

Revenues for fiscal year 2013 were $14.4 billion while gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 27%. We repurchased 54 million of our ordinary shares during the year for approximately $1.7 billion, paid dividends of $0.5 billion, paid $1.2 billion for the early redemption and repurchase of debt with a principal value of $1.1 billion and issued $1.0 billion of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2023. 

Results of Operations 

We list in the table below summarized information from our consolidated statements of operations by dollars and as a percentage of revenue: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Revenue &#160; $ 14,351 &#160; $ 14,939 &#160; $ 10,971 &#160; Cost of revenue &#160; &#160; 10,411 &#160; &#160; 10,255 &#160; &#160; 8,825 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Gross margin &#160; &#160; 3,940 &#160; &#160; 4,684 &#160; &#160; 2,146 &#160; Product development &#160; &#160; 1,133 &#160; &#160; 1,006 &#160; &#160; 875 &#160; Marketing and administrative &#160; &#160; 635 &#160; &#160; 528 &#160; &#160; 445 &#160; Amortization of intangibles &#160; &#160; 79 &#160; &#160; 38 &#160; &#160; 2 &#160; Restructuring and other, net &#160; &#160; 2 &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; 18 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Income from operations &#160; &#160; 2,091 &#160; &#160; 3,108 &#160; &#160; 806 &#160; Other expense, net &#160; &#160; (260 ) &#160; (226 ) &#160; (227 ) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Income before income taxes &#160; &#160; 1,831 &#160; &#160; 2,882 &#160; &#160; 579 &#160; (Benefit from) provision for income taxes &#160; &#160; (7 ) &#160; 20 &#160; &#160; 68 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Net income &#160; &#160; 1,838 &#160; &#160; 2,862 &#160; &#160; 511 &#160; Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Net income attributable to Seagate Technology plc &#160; $ 1,838 &#160; $ 2,862 &#160; $ 511 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (as a percentage of Revenue) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Revenue &#160; &#160; 100 % &#160; 100 % &#160; 100 % Cost of revenue &#160; &#160; 73 &#160; &#160; 69 &#160; &#160; 80 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Gross margin &#160; &#160; 27 &#160; &#160; 31 &#160; &#160; 20 &#160; Product development &#160; &#160; 8 &#160; &#160; 7 &#160; &#160; 8 &#160; Marketing and administrative &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; Amortization of intangibles &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Restructuring and other, net &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Income from operations &#160; &#160; 14 &#160; &#160; 21 &#160; &#160; 7 &#160; Other expense, net &#160; &#160; (2 ) &#160; (2 ) &#160; (2 ) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Income before income taxes &#160; &#160; 12 &#160; &#160; 19 &#160; &#160; 5 &#160; Provision for (benefit from) income taxes &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Net income &#160; &#160; 12 &#160; &#160; 19 &#160; &#160; 5 &#160; Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Net income attributable to Seagate Technology plc &#160; &#160; 12 % &#160; 19 % &#160; 5 % &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

The following table summarizes information regarding volume shipments, average selling prices (ASPs) and revenues by channel and geography: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (In millions, except percentages and ASPs) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Net Revenue &#160; $ 14,351 &#160; $ 14,939 &#160; $ 10,971 &#160; Unit Shipments: &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Enterprise &#160; &#160; 30 &#160; &#160; 29 &#160; &#160; 29 &#160; Client Compute &#160; &#160; 151 &#160; &#160; 156 &#160; &#160; 132 &#160; Client Non-Compute &#160; &#160; 45 &#160; &#160; 39 &#160; &#160; 38 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Total Units Shipped &#160; &#160; 226 &#160; &#160; 224 &#160; &#160; 199 &#160; ASP (per unit) &#160; $ 63 &#160; $ 66 &#160; $ 54 &#160; Exabytes Shipped &#160; &#160; 185 &#160; &#160; 150 &#160; &#160; 110 &#160; Revenues by Channel (%) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; OEM &#160; &#160; 68 % &#160; 72 % &#160; 69 % Distributors &#160; &#160; 21 % &#160; 21 % &#160; 22 % Retail &#160; &#160; 11 % &#160; 7 % &#160; 9 % Revenues by Geography (%) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Americas &#160; &#160; 27 % &#160; 26 % &#160; 29 % EMEA &#160; &#160; 19 % &#160; 19 % &#160; 20 % Asia Pacific &#160; &#160; 54 % &#160; 55 % &#160; 51 % ##TABLE_END

Fiscal Year 2013 Compared to Fiscal Year 2012 

Revenue 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Revenue &#160; $ 14,351 &#160; $ 14,939 &#160; $ (588 ) &#160; (4 )% ##TABLE_END

Revenue in fiscal year 2013 decreased approximately 4%, or $0.6 billion, from fiscal year 2012 due to a decrease in the average selling price per unit. The decrease in the average selling price to $63 per unit during fiscal year 2013, as compared to $66 per unit in the prior year, was primarily due to supply constraints beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012 as a result of the severe flooding in Thailand, partially offset by a favorable product mix and slightly higher volumes in fiscal year 2013, which included a full period of Samsung labeled HDD products. 

Gross Margin 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Cost of revenue &#160; $ 10,411 &#160; $ 10,255 &#160; $ 156 &#160; &#160; 2 % Gross margin &#160; $ 3,940 &#160; $ 4,684 &#160; $ (744 ) &#160; (16 )% Gross margin percentage &#160; &#160; 27 % &#160; 31 % &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

For fiscal year 2013, gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased to 27% from 31% in the prior fiscal year, as a result of higher ASPs during fiscal year 2012. Our ASPs during fiscal year 2012 were increased due to the limited industry supply of hard drives as a result of the severe flooding in Thailand. 

Operating Expenses 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Product development &#160; $ 1,133 &#160; $ 1,006 &#160; $ 127 &#160; &#160; 13 % Marketing and administrative &#160; &#160; 635 &#160; &#160; 528 &#160; &#160; 107 &#160; &#160; 20 % Amortization of intangibles &#160; &#160; 79 &#160; &#160; 38 &#160; &#160; 41 &#160; &#160; 108 % Restructuring and other, net &#160; &#160; 2 &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; (2 ) &#160; (50 )% &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Operating expenses &#160; $ 1,849 &#160; $ 1,576 &#160; $ 273 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

Product Development Expense. Product development expenses for fiscal year 2013 increased from fiscal year 2012, primarily due to increased investments in HDD and alternative storage technologies of approximately $84 million, and headcount related costs of approximately $41 million, net of a decrease in variable performance based compensation of approximately $7 million. 

Marketing and Administrative Expense. Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2013 increased from fiscal year 2012 primarily due to further investments in certain strategic initiatives as well as enhancement of our core business operations. This, along with our annual focal increases, resulted in additional headcount related costs of $64 million, net of a reduction in variable performance based compensation of $7 million. In addition, the consolidation of LaCie in fiscal year 2013 contributed approximately $32 million to Marketing and administrative expense. 

Amortization of Intangibles. Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2013 increased as a result of the acquisition of Samsung's HDD business in December of 2011, and LaCie in August of 2012. 

Restructuring and Other, net. Restructuring and other, net for fiscal years 2013 and 2012, was not material and primarily related to previously announced restructuring plans. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Other expense, net &#160; $ (260 ) $ (226 ) $ (34 ) &#160; 15 % ##TABLE_END

Other expense, net for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 increased due to a loss of $141 million on the early redemption and repurchase of debt. These losses were partially offset by gains recorded for sales of our available for sale securities and strategic investments of $61 million, insurance proceeds of $25 million for equipment damaged during the severe flooding in Thailand in October of 2011, and a decrease in interest expense of $27 million due to a reduction in our average interest rate and total debt levels. 

Income Taxes 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Provision for (benefit from) income taxes &#160; $ (7 ) $ 20 &#160; $ (27 ) &#160; (135 )% ##TABLE_END

We recorded an income tax benefit of $7 million for fiscal year 2013 compared to an income tax provision of $20 million for fiscal year 2012. Our fiscal year 2013 benefit from income taxes included $52 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods. Our fiscal year 2012 provision for income taxes included $35 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods. 

Our Irish tax resident parent holding company owns various U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in multiple non-Irish tax jurisdictions. Our worldwide operating income is either subject to varying rates of tax or is exempt from tax due to tax holidays or tax incentive programs we operate under in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. These tax holidays or incentives are scheduled to expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2020. 

Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2013 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of a majority interest in the outstanding shares of LaCie did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013. Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2012 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Samsung's HDD business did not have a significant impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2012. 

The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (ATRA 2012) was enacted on January 2, 2013. ATRA 2012 retroactively reinstated and extended the federal Research and Development Tax Credit (R&#38;D Credit) from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2013 as well as bonus depreciation on qualified property. Extension of the R&#38;D Credit and bonus depreciation has no immediate impact on our income tax provision due to existing valuation allowances on our U.S. deferred tax assets. None of the other ATRA 2012 changes are expected to have a material impact on our income tax provision. 

Based on our non-U.S. ownership structure and subject to (i) potential future increases in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets; and (ii) a future change in our intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings from our subsidiaries outside of Ireland, we anticipate that our effective tax rate in future periods will generally be less than the Irish statutory rate. 

At June 28, 2013, our deferred tax asset valuation allowance was approximately $989 million. 

At June 28, 2013, we had net deferred tax assets of $554 million. The realization of these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on our ability to generate sufficient U.S. and certain non-U.S. taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, we believe that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent periods when we re-evaluate the underlying basis for our estimates of future U.S. and certain non-U.S. taxable income. 

As of June 28, 2013, the use of approximately $358 million and $90 million of our total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards, respectively, is subject to an aggregate annual limitation of $45 million pursuant to U.S. tax law. If certain ownership changes occur in the foreseeable future, there may be an additional annual limitation on our ability to use our total U.S. federal and state net operating loss and credit carryforwards of $2.8 billion, $1.8 billion and $415 million, respectively. It is reasonably possible that such a change could occur. If these ownership changes were to occur, we estimate a one-time charge for additional U.S. income tax expense of approximately $ 400 to $500 million may be recorded in the period such change occurs. This additional income tax expense results from a decrease in our net U.S. deferred tax assets recorded through a combination of the write off of deferred tax assets and associated changes to our valuation allowance. We also estimate that the ensuing additional annual limitation on our ability to use our tax attribute carryovers may result in increased U.S. income tax expense associated with such change of approximately $70 to $85 million each year. 

As of June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012, we had approximately $157 million and $135 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties. The unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is $157 million and $135 million as of June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012, respectively, subject to certain future valuation allowance reversals. 

It is our policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 2013, we recognized a net tax expense for interest and penalties of $2 million as compared to a net tax expense for interest and penalties of $2 million and less than $1 million during fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2011, respectively. As of June 28, 2013, we had $19 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits compared to $17 million in fiscal year 2012. 

During the fiscal year ended June 28, 2013, our unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties increased by approximately $22 million primarily due to (i) increases in current year unrecognized tax benefits of $16 million, (ii) net increases in prior year unrecognized tax benefits of $10 million, (iii) reductions associated with the expiration of certain statutes of limitation of $5 million, (iv) increases from other activity, including non-U.S. exchange gains, of $1 million. 

During the 12 months beginning June 29, 2013, we expect to reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $3 million as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitation. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that other unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. 

We are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions globally and are required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state, and non-U.S income tax returns. In February, 2013, we reached a settlement with the IRS on all issues related to fiscal years ending in 2005 through 2007. Settlement of the issues in this period has no material impact on our financial statements. We are no longer subject to tax examination of U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2008. With respect to U.S. state and non-U.S. income tax returns, we are generally no longer subject to tax examination for years prior to fiscal year 2004. 

Fiscal Year 2012 Compared to Fiscal Year 2011 

Revenue 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Revenue &#160; $ 14,939 &#160; $ 10,971 &#160; $ 3,968 &#160; &#160; 36 % ##TABLE_END

Revenue in fiscal year 2012 increased approximately 36%, or $4.0 billion, from fiscal year 2011 due primarily to an increase in average selling price per unit and in total units shipped. Units shipped in fiscal year 2012 increased 13%, or 25 million units, from fiscal year 2011. The increase in the average selling price to $66 per unit during fiscal year 2012, as compared to $54 per unit in the prior year, was primarily due to the limited industry supply of hard drives resulting from the severe flooding in Thailand. 

Gross Margin 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Cost of revenue &#160; $ 10,255 &#160; $ 8,825 &#160; $ 1,430 &#160; &#160; 16 % Gross margin &#160; $ 4,684 &#160; $ 2,146 &#160; $ 2,538 &#160; &#160; 118 % Gross margin percentage &#160; &#160; 31 % &#160; 20 % &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

For fiscal year 2012, gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased to 31% from 20% in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the increased selling price per unit throughout most of fiscal year 2012. 

Operating Expenses 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Product development &#160; $ 1,006 &#160; $ 875 &#160; $ 131 &#160; &#160; 15 % Marketing and administrative &#160; &#160; 528 &#160; &#160; 445 &#160; &#160; 83 &#160; &#160; 19 % Amortization of intangibles &#160; &#160; 38 &#160; &#160; 2 &#160; &#160; 36 &#160; &#160; 1,800 % Restructuring and other, net &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; 18 &#160; &#160; (14 ) &#160; (78 )% &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Operating expenses &#160; $ 1,576 &#160; $ 1,340 &#160; $ 236 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

Product Development Expense. Product development expenses for fiscal year 2012 increased from fiscal year 2011, primarily reflecting an increase in variable performance-based compensation and the integration of the HDD business acquired from Samsung. 

Marketing and Administrative Expense. The increase in Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2012 compared to fiscal year 2011 was primarily due to an increase in variable performance-based compensation and integration of the HDD business acquired from Samsung. 

Amortization of Intangibles. Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2012 increased as a result of the acquisition of Samsung's HDD business in December 2011. 

Restructuring and Other, net. Restructuring and other, net for fiscal years 2012 and 2011, were not material and primarily related to previously announced restructuring plans. 

Other Expense, net 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Other expense, net &#160; $ (226 ) $ (227 ) $ 1 &#160; &#160; &#151; % ##TABLE_END

Other expense, net for fiscal year 2012 compared to fiscal year 2011 was relatively flat, and included an increase in interest expense resulting from higher average debt balances, substantially offset by gains on foreign currency remeasurement. 

Income Taxes 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Change &#160; % Change &#160; Provision for income taxes &#160; $ 20 &#160; $ 68 &#160; $ (48 ) &#160; (71 )% ##TABLE_END

We recorded an income tax provision of $20 million for fiscal year 2012 compared to an income tax provision of $68 million for fiscal year 2011. Our fiscal year 2012 provision for income taxes included $35 million of income tax benefit from the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance recorded in prior periods. Our fiscal year 2011 provision for income taxes included non-U.S. income taxes recorded for increases in income tax reserves for non-U.S. income tax positions taken in prior fiscal years, partially offset by tax benefits recorded for the release of income tax reserves associated with settlements of income tax audits and the expiration of certain statutes of limitation. 

Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2012 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, and (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain U.S. deferred tax assets. The acquisition of Samsung's HDD business did not have a significant impact on our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2012. Our income tax provision recorded for the comparative fiscal year ended July 1, 2011 differed the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to non-U.S. earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax holidays or tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland, (ii) income tax expense related to intercompany transactions, (iii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets, and (iv) non-U.S. losses with no tax benefit. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following sections discuss our principal liquidity requirements, as well as our sources and uses of cash and our liquidity and capital resources. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of readily marketable securities with remaining maturities of more than 90 days at the time of purchase. The principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. We intend to maintain a highly liquid portfolio by investing only in those marketable securities that we believe have active secondary or resale markets. We believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. We operate in some countries that have restrictive regulations over the movement of cash and/or foreign exchange across their borders. However, these restrictions have not impeded our ability to conduct our business, nor do we expect them to in the next 12 months. We are not aware of any downgrades, losses or other significant deterioration in the fair 

value of our cash equivalents or short-term investments and accordingly, we do not believe the fair value of our short-term investments has significantly changed from the values reported as of June 28, 2013. 

Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; As of &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; Cash and cash equivalents &#160; $ 1,708 &#160; $ 1,707 &#160; $ 1 &#160; Short-term investments &#160; &#160; 480 &#160; &#160; 411 &#160; &#160; 69 &#160; Restricted cash and investments &#160; &#160; 101 &#160; &#160; 93 &#160; &#160; 8 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Total &#160; $ 2,289 &#160; $ 2,211 &#160; $ 78 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

Our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and investments increased from June 29, 2012 as a result of net cash provided by operating activities and the proceeds from the issuance of $1 billion of our 4.75% notes due 2023. These cash inflows were partially offset by our repurchases of our ordinary shares, capital expenditures, redemption and repurchase of certain of our long-term debt, and dividends paid to our shareholders. 

The following table summarizes results from the statement of cash flows for the periods indicated: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Fiscal Years Ended &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; July 1, 2011 &#160; Net cash flow provided by (used in): &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Operating activities &#160; $ 3,047 &#160; $ 3,262 &#160; $ 1,264 &#160; Investing activities &#160; &#160; (825 ) &#160; (1,114 ) &#160; (981 ) Financing activities &#160; &#160; (2,222 ) &#160; (3,118 ) &#160; 131 &#160; Effect of foreign currency exchange rates &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents &#160; $ 1 &#160; $ (970 ) $ 414 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2013 was approximately $3.0 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for non-cash items including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and: 

&#149; a decrease of $661 million in accounts receivable, net, primarily due to a decrease in revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period; &#149; a decrease of $538 million in accounts payable, primarily due to a reduction in direct materials purchases due to a decrease in build volume in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period; &#149; a decrease of $272 million in vendor non-trade receivables primarily due to a decrease in build volumes in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period; &#149; a decrease of $170 million in accrued expenses, income taxes and warranty, primarily due to decreases in costs related to sales activities resulting from lower sales volumes; and &#149; a decrease of $102 million in inventory, due to lower volumes in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year period. 52 

Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2012 was approximately $3.3 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for non-cash items including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and: 

&#149; an increase of $824 million in accounts receivable, net, due to an increase in revenues; &#149; an increase of $157 million in accounts payable due to higher direct material purchases related to an increase in volume, partially offset by a change in supplier payment terms; and &#149; an increase of $145 million in accrued employee compensation reflecting an increase in variable performance-based compensation. Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2011 was approximately $1.3 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for non-cash items including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, impairment of long-lived assets, and: 

&#149; an increase of $386 million in accounts payable due to higher direct material purchases related to an increase in volume; &#149; an increase of $168 million related to an increase in vendor non-trade receivables; and &#149; an increase of $115 million in inventories related to an increase in volume. Cash Used in Investing Activities 

In fiscal year 2013, we used $0.8 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for property, equipment and leasehold improvements. 

In fiscal year 2012, we used $1.1 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $0.6 billion and net payments for the acquisition of Samsung's HDD business of $0.6 billion. 

In fiscal year 2011, we used $1.0 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily attributable to payments for property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $0.8 billion. 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities of $2.2 billion for fiscal year 2013 was attributable to $1.7 billion paid to repurchase 54 million of our ordinary shares, $1.2 billion for the repurchase and redemption of long term debt and $0.5 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders. This use of cash was partially offset by the proceeds from the issuance of $1 billion of our 4.75% notes due 2023 and $0.3 billion in proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans. 

Net cash used in financing activities of $3.1 billion for fiscal year 2012 was attributable to $2.4 billion paid to repurchase 101 million of our ordinary shares, $0.7 billion in long term debt repayments and $0.4 billion in dividends paid to our shareholders. This use of cash was partially offset by $0.3 billion in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchases. 

Net cash provided by financing activities of $0.1 billion for fiscal year 2011 was attributable to $1.3 billion in net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt partially offset by $0.8 billion to repurchase 56.9 million of our ordinary shares and $0.4 billion for the repayment of our long-term debt. 

Liquidity Sources 

Our primary sources of liquidity as of June 28, 2013, consisted of: (1) approximately $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments, (2) cash we expect to generate from operations and (3) a $500 million revolving credit facility. We also had $101 million in restricted cash and investments, of which $79 million was related to our employee deferred compensation liabilities under our non-qualified deferred compensation plan. 

As of June 28, 2013, no borrowings have been drawn under the revolving credit facility, and $2 million had been utilized for letters of credit. The line of credit is available for borrowings, subject to compliance with financial covenants and other customary conditions to borrowing. 

The credit agreement that governs our revolving credit facility, as amended, contains certain covenants that we must satisfy in order to remain in compliance with the credit agreement, as amended. The agreement also includes three financial covenants: (1) minimum cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; (2) a fixed charge coverage ratio; and (3) a net leverage ratio. As of June 28, 2013, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our revolving credit facility and debt agreements. 

As of June 28, 2013, cash and cash equivalents held by non-Irish subsidiaries was $1.7 billion. This amount is potentially subject to taxation in Ireland upon repatriation by means of a dividend into our Irish parent. However, it is our intent to indefinitely reinvest earnings of non-Irish subsidiaries outside of Ireland and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate such earnings by means of a taxable Irish dividend. Should funds be needed in the Irish parent company and should we be unable to fund parent company activities through means other than a taxable Irish dividend, we would be required to accrue and pay Irish taxes on such dividend. 

We believe that our sources of cash will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Cash Requirements and Commitments 

Our liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital, research and development and capital expenditure needs, to fund scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, and to fund our dividend. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance, and therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

On July 24, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of $0.38 per share, which will be payable on August 21, 2013 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 7, 2013. 

As of June 28, 2013, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. Based on our current outlook, we expect to be in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements over the next 12 months. 

The carrying value of our long-term debt as of June 28, 2013 and June 29, 2012 was $2.8 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively. The table below presents the principal amounts of our outstanding long-term debt: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; As of &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; June 28, 2013 &#160; June 29, 2012 &#160; Change &#160; 10.0% Senior Secured Second-Priority Notes due May 2014 &#160; $ &#151; &#160; $ 319 &#160; $ (319 ) 6.8% Senior Notes due October 2016 &#160; &#160; 335 &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; (265 ) 7.75% Senior Notes due December 2018 &#160; &#160; 238 &#160; &#160; 750 &#160; &#160; (512 ) 6.875% Senior Notes due May 2020 &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; 7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; 4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 &#160; &#160; 1,000 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; 1,000 &#160; Other &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Total &#160; $ 2,777 &#160; $ 2,869 &#160; $ (92 ) &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

During fiscal year 2013, we repurchased approximately 54 million of our ordinary shares. See "Item 5. Market for Registrant's Shares, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities-Repurchases of Our Equity Securities." 

For fiscal year 2014, we expect capital investments to remain within our long-term targeted range of 6-8% of revenue. We require substantial amounts of cash to fund scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, future capital expenditures and any increased working capital requirements. We will continue to evaluate and manage the retirement and replacement of existing debt and associated obligations, including evaluating the issuance of new debt securities, exchanging existing debt securities for other debt securities and retiring debt pursuant to privately negotiated transactions, open market purchases or otherwise. In addition, we may selectively pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions and investments, which may require additional capital. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

Our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of June 28, 2013, have been summarized in the table below: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Fiscal Year(s) &#160; (Dollars in millions) &#160; Total &#160; 2014 &#160; 2015- 2016 &#160; 2017- 2018 &#160; Thereafter &#160; Contractual Cash Obligations: &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Long-term debt &#160; $ 2,777 &#160; $ 3 &#160; $ 1 &#160; $ 335 &#160; $ 2,438 &#160; Interest payments on debt &#160; &#160; 1,317 &#160; &#160; 173 &#160; &#160; 365 &#160; &#160; 288 &#160; &#160; 491 &#160; Capital expenditures &#160; &#160; 284 &#160; &#160; 168 &#160; &#160; 116 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Operating leases (1) &#160; &#160; 165 &#160; &#160; 31 &#160; &#160; 35 &#160; &#160; 18 &#160; &#160; 81 &#160; Purchase obligations (2) &#160; &#160; 1,470 &#160; &#160; 1,286 &#160; &#160; 184 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Other funding requirements &#160; &#160; 30 &#160; &#160; 30 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Subtotal &#160; &#160; 6,043 &#160; &#160; 1,691 &#160; &#160; 701 &#160; &#160; 641 &#160; &#160; 3,010 &#160; Commitments: &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Letters of credit or bank guarantees &#160; &#160; 31 &#160; &#160; 28 &#160; &#160; 3 &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Total &#160; $ 6,074 &#160; $ 1,719 &#160; $ 704 &#160; $ 641 &#160; $ 3,010 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; ##TABLE_END

(1) Includes total future minimum rent expense under non-cancelable leases for both occupied and vacated facilities (rent expense is shown net of sublease income). 

(2) Purchase obligations are defined as contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services, which are enforceable and legally binding on us, and that specify all significant terms. 

As of June 28, 2013, we had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and an accrual for the payment of related interest totaling $87 million, none of which is expected to be settled within one year. Outside of one year, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority will occur. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of June 28, 2013, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K). 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our consolidated financial statements. The SEC has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results, and require us to make our most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. Based on this definition, our most critical policies include: establishment of sales program accruals, establishment of warranty accruals, accounting for income taxes, and the accounting for goodwill and other long-lived assets. Below, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. We also have other accounting policies and accounting estimates relating to uncollectible customer accounts, valuation of inventory, valuation of share-based payments and restructuring. We believe that these other accounting policies and accounting estimates either do not generally require us to make estimates and judgments that are as difficult or as subjective, or it is less likely that they would have a material impact on our reported results of operations for a given period. 

Establishment of Sales Program Accruals. We establish certain distributor and OEM sales programs aimed at increasing customer demand. For OEM sales, rebates are typically based on an OEM customer's volume of purchases or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution channel, these programs typically involve rebates related to a distributor's level of sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity and price protection adjustments. We provide for these obligations at the time that revenue is recorded based on estimated requirements. We estimate these contra-revenue rebates and adjustments based on various factors, including price reductions during the period reported, estimated future price erosion, customer orders, distributor sell-through and inventory levels, program participation, customer claim submittals and sales returns. Our estimates reflect contractual arrangements but also our judgment relating to variables such as customer claim rates and attainment of program goals, and inventory and sell-through levels reported by our distribution customers. Currently, our distributors' inventories are at the low end of the historical range. 

While we believe we have sufficient experience and knowledge of the market and customer buying patterns to reasonably estimate such rebates and adjustments, actual market conditions or customer behavior could differ from our expectations. As a result, actual payments under these programs, which may spread over several months after the related sale, may vary from the amount accrued. Accordingly, revenues and margins in the period in which the adjustment occurs may be affected. 

Significant actual variations in any of the factors upon which we base our contra-revenue estimates could have a material effect on our operating results. In fiscal year 2013, sales programs were approximately 9% of gross revenue. For fiscal years 2012 and 2011, total sales programs ranged from 2% to 9% of gross revenues. Adjustments to revenues due to under or over accruals for sales programs related to revenues reported in prior quarterly periods averaged 0.3% of quarterly gross revenue for fiscal years 2011 through 2012, and were approximately 0.3% of gross revenue in fiscal year 2013. Any future shifts in the 

industry supply-demand balance as well as other factors may result in a more competitive pricing environment and may cause sales programs as a percentage of gross revenue to increase from the current or historical levels. If such rebates and incentives trend upwards, revenues and margins will be reduced. 

Establishment of Warranty Accruals. We estimate probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We generally warrant our products for a period of 1 to 5 years. Our warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs related to product quality issues, if any. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired disk drives. Should actual experience in any future period differ significantly from our estimates, our future results of operations could be materially affected. Our judgment is subject to a greater degree of subjectivity with respect to newly introduced products because of limited experience with those products upon which to base our warranty estimates. 

The actual results with regard to warranty expenditures could have an adverse or favorable effect on our results of operations if the actual rate of unit failure, the cost to repair a unit, or the actual cost required to satisfy customer claims differs from those estimates we used in determining the warranty accrual. Since we typically outsource our warranty repairs, our repair cost is subject to periodic negotiations with vendors and may vary from our estimates. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell certain repaired disk drives. To the extent such sales fall below our forecast, warranty cost will be adversely impacted. 

We review our warranty accrual quarterly for products shipped in prior periods and which are still under warranty. Any changes in the estimates underlying the accrual may result in adjustments that impact the current period gross margins and income. In fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011 net changes in estimates of prior warranty accruals as a percentage of revenue were immaterial. Our total warranty cost was 1.6%, 1.5% and 1.8% of revenue during fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, while warranty cost related to new shipments (exclusive of the impact of re-estimates of pre-existing liabilities) were 1.3%, 1.1% and 1.8% respectively, for the same periods. Changes in anticipated failure rates of specific products and significant changes in repair or replacement costs have historically been the major reasons for significant changes in prior estimates. Any future changes in failure rates of certain products, as well as changes in repair costs or the cost of replacement parts, may result in increased or decreased warranty accruals. 

Accounting for Income Taxes. We account for income taxes pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 740 (ASC 740), Income Taxes. In applying, ASC 740, we make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an additional tax benefit or provision will result. The deferred tax assets we record each period depend primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. Each period, we evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets and, if necessary, we adjust the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If our outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, our assessment of the need for a valuation allowance may also change. 

Assessing Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment. We account for goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles&#151;Goodwill and Other . As permitted by ASC 350, we perform a qualitative assessment in determining whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying 

amount. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company is not required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. 

In accordance with ASC 360-05-4, Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets, we test other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of those assets may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using the same approaches indicated above for ASC 360 step two and compare it to its carrying value. The excess of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro rata to derive the adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements on our financial statements. 

