 Item 2. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position, made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management&#8217;s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which we enter into, maintain, and develop commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulfillment throughput and productivity. In addition, the global economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management&#8217;s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A of Part II, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; 

For additional information, see Item 7 of Part II, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#8212; Overview&#8221; of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Judgments 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company&#8217;s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II, &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data &#8212; Note 1 &#8212; Description of Business, Accounting Policies, and Supplemental Disclosures&#8221; of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1 of Part I, &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 1 &#8212; Accounting Policies and Supplemental Disclosures,&#8221; of this Form 10-Q. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or conditions. 

Inventories 

Inventories, consisting of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in first-out method, and are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable values of each disposition category. These assumptions about future disposition of inventory are inherently uncertain and changes in our estimates and assumptions may cause us to realize material write-downs in the future. As a measure of sensitivity, for every 1% of additional inventory valuation allowance as of March 31, 2021, we would have recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately $275 million. 

In addition, we enter into supplier commitments for certain electronic device components and certain products. These commitments are based on forecasted customer demand. If we reduce these commitments, we may incur additional costs. 

Income Taxes 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our actual and forecasted earnings are subject to 

change due to economic, political, and other conditions, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to use our deferred tax assets. 

Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, including earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, changes in the laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. In addition, a number of countries have enacted or are actively pursuing changes to their tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. 

We are also currently subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash flow information is as follows (in millions): 

Three Months Ended March 31, Twelve Months Ended March 31, &#160; 2020 2021 2020 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities $ 3,064 $ 4,213 $ 39,732 $ 67,213 Investing activities (8,894) (8,666) (25,053) (59,383) Financing activities (2,591) (3,476) (10,280) (1,989) 

Our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, which, at fair value, were $84.4 billion and $73.3 billion as of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021. Amounts held in foreign currencies were $23.5 billion and $19.8 billion as of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, and were primarily Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. 

Cash provided by (used in) operating activities was $3.1 billion and $4.2 billion for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our consumer, seller, developer, enterprise, and content creator customers, and advertisers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, payment processing and related transaction costs, operating leases, and interest payments on our long-term obligations. Cash received from our customers and other activities generally corresponds to our net sales. Because consumers primarily use credit cards to buy from us, our receivables from consumers settle quickly. The increase in operating cash flow for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period, was primarily due to the increase in net income, excluding non-cash expenses, and changes in working capital. Working capital at any specific point in time is subject to many variables, including variability in demand, inventory management and category expansion, the timing of cash receipts and payments, vendor payment terms, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities corresponds with cash capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements, incentives received from property and equipment vendors, proceeds from asset sales, cash outlays for acquisitions, investments in other companies and intellectual property rights, and purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities. Cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(8.9) billion and $(8.7) billion for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021, with the variability caused primarily by our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment and purchases, sales, and maturities of marketable securities. Cash capital expenditures were $5.4 billion and $11.2 billion during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021, which primarily reflect investments in additional capacity to support our fulfillment operations and in support of continued business growth in technology infrastructure (the majority of which is to support AWS), which investments we expect to continue over time. We made cash payments, net of acquired cash, related to acquisition and other investment activity of $91 million and $630 million during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(2.6) billion and $(3.5) billion for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. Cash inflows from financing activities resulted from proceeds from short-term debt, and other and long-term debt of $693 million and $2.0 billion for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. Cash outflows from financing activities resulted from payments of short-term debt, and other, long-term debt, finance leases, and financing obligations of $3.3 billion and $5.5 billion in Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. Property and equipment acquired under finance leases was $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021, reflecting investments in support of continued business growth primarily due to investments in technology infrastructure for AWS. 

We had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement, $725 million of borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program, and $429 million of borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility as of March 31, 2021. See Item 1 of Part I, &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 5 &#8212; Debt&#8221; for additional information. 

Certain foreign subsidiary earnings and losses are subject to current U.S. taxation and the subsequent repatriation of those earnings is not subject to tax in the U.S. We intend to invest substantially all of our foreign subsidiary earnings, as well as our capital in our foreign subsidiaries, indefinitely outside of the U.S. in those jurisdictions in which we would incur significant, additional costs upon repatriation of such amounts. 

Tax benefits relating to excess stock-based compensation deductions and accelerated depreciation deductions are reducing our U.S. taxable income. U.S. tax rules provide for enhanced accelerated depreciation deductions by allowing the election of full expensing of qualified property, primarily equipment, through 2022. Cash taxes paid (net of refunds) were $305 million and $801 million for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. We endeavor to manage our global taxes on a cash basis, rather than on a financial reporting basis. In connection with the European Commission&#8217;s October 2017 decision against us on state aid, Luxembourg tax authorities computed an initial recovery amount, consistent with the European Commission&#8217;s decision, of approximately &#8364;250 million, that we deposited into escrow in March 2018, subject to adjustment pending conclusion of all appeals. 

As of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, restricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $257 million and $323 million. See Item 1 of Part I, &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 4 &#8212; Commitments and Contingencies&#8221; and &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 5 &#8212; Debt&#8221; for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments, as well as our pledged assets. Additionally, purchase obligations and open purchase orders, consisting of inventory and significant non-inventory commitments, were $32.6 billion as of March 31, 2021. These purchase obligations and open purchase orders are generally cancellable in full or in part through the contractual provisions. 

We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, as well as our borrowing arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. See Item 1A of Part II, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, obtain finance and operating lease arrangements, enter into financing obligations, repurchase common stock, pay dividends, or repurchase, refinance, or otherwise restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have caused significant market volatility. These disruptions can contribute to defaults in our accounts receivable, affect asset valuations resulting in impairment charges, and affect the availability of lease and financing credit as well as other segments of the credit markets. We have utilized a range of financing methods to fund our operations and capital expenditures and expect to continue to maintain financing flexibility in the current market conditions. However, due to the rapidly evolving global situation, it is not possible to predict whether unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. 

The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would be dilutive to our shareholders. In addition, we will, from time to time, consider the acquisition of, or investment in, complementary businesses, products, services, capital infrastructure, and technologies, which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing, or issue additional equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional credit lines or financing instruments will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Results of Operations 

We have organized our operations into three segments: North America, International, and AWS. These segments reflect the way the Company evaluates its business performance and manages its operations. See Item 1 of Part I, &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 8 &#8212; Segment Information.&#8221; 

Effects of COVID-19 

As reflected in the discussion below, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response to it had varying effects on our Q1 2021 results of operations. Higher net sales in the North America and International segments reflect increased demand, particularly as people are staying at home, including for household staples and other essential and home products, partially offset by fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints. Other effects in the North America and International segments include increased fulfillment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales, primarily due to the impact of lower productivity and costs to maintain safe workplaces. We incurred approximately $2.0 billion in COVID-19 related costs in Q1 2021. We will continue to prioritize employee and customer safety and comply with evolving federal, state, and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and communities. 

We expect the effects of fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints, elevated collection risk in our accounts receivable, and the negative impact on fulfillment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales to continue into all or portions of Q2 2021. However, it is not possible to determine the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any recurrence, the actions taken in response to the pandemic, the scale and rate of economic recovery from the pandemic, any ongoing effects on consumer demand and spending patterns, or other impacts of the pandemic, and whether these or other currently unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our results of operations. 

Net Sales 

Net sales include product and service sales. Product sales represent revenue from the sale of products and related shipping fees and digital media content where we record revenue gross. Service sales primarily represent third-party seller fees, which includes commissions and any related fulfillment and shipping fees, AWS sales, advertising services, Amazon Prime membership fees, and certain digital content subscriptions. Net sales information is as follows (in millions): 

&#160; &#160; 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 2021 Net Sales: North America $ 46,127 $ 64,366 International 19,106 30,649 AWS 10,219 13,503 Consolidated $ 75,452 $ 108,518 Year-over-year Percentage Growth: North America 29 % 40 % International 18 60 AWS 33 32 Consolidated 26 44 Year-over-year Percentage Growth, excluding the effect of foreign exchange rates: North America 29 % 39 % International 20 50 AWS 33 32 Consolidated 27 41 Net sales mix: North America 61 % 59 % International 25 28 AWS 14 13 Consolidated 100 % 100 % 

Sales increased 44% in Q1 2021 compared to the comparable prior year period. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impacted net sales by $2.1 billion for Q1 2021. For a discussion of the effect of foreign exchange rates on sales growth, see &#8220;Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates&#8221; below. 

North America sales increased 40% in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers, including from our shipping offers, and increased demand, including for household staples and other essential and home products, partially offset by fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints. 

International sales increased 60% in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period. The sales growth primarily reflects increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers. Increased unit sales were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers, including from our shipping offers, and increased demand, including for household staples and other essential and home products, partially offset by fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impacted International net sales by $1.9 billion for Q1 2021. 

AWS sales increased 32% in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period. The sales growth primarily reflects increased customer usage, partially offset by pricing changes. Pricing changes were driven largely by our continued efforts to reduce prices for our customers. 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Operating income (loss) by segment is as follows (in millions): 

&#160; Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 2021 Operating Income (Loss): North America $ 1,312 $ 3,450 International (398) 1,252 AWS 3,075 4,163 Consolidated $ 3,989 $ 8,865 

Operating income increased from $4.0 billion in Q1 2020 to $8.9 billion in Q1 2021. We believe that operating income (loss) is a more meaningful measure than gross profit and gross margin due to the diversity of our product catego ries and services. 

The increase in North America operating income in absolute dollars in Q1 2021 compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales and slower growth in certain operating expenses, partially offset by increased shipping and fulfillment costs due in part to COVID-19. We expect North America operating income to continue to be negatively impacted through at least Q2 2021 by COVID-19 related costs. Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income by $8 million for Q1 2021. 

The International operating income in Q1 2021 as compared to the operating loss in the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increased unit sales, including sales by third-party sellers, and advertising sales, and slower growth in certain operating expenses, partially offset by increased shipp ing and fulfillment costs due in part to COVID-19. We expect International operating income to continue to be negatively impacted through at least Q2 2021 by COVID-19 related costs. Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income by $270 million for Q1 2021. 

The increase in AWS operating income in absolute dollars in Q1 2021 compared to the comparable prior year period is primarily due to increased customer usage and cost structure productivity, partially offset by increased spending on technology infrastructure, payroll and related expenses, and software licensing expenses, all of which were primarily driven by additional investments to support the business growth, and reduced prices for our customers. Changes in foreign exchange rates impacted operating income by $(171) million for Q1 2021. 

Operating Expenses 

Information about operating expenses is as follows (in millions): 

Three Months Ended March 31, &#160; 2020 2021 Operating expenses: Cost of sales $ 44,257 $ 62,403 Fulfillment 11,531 16,530 Technology and content 9,325 12,488 Marketing 4,828 6,207 General and administrative 1,452 1,987 Other operating expense (income), net 70 38 Total operating expenses $ 71,463 $ 99,653 Year-over-year Percentage Growth: Cost of sales 30 % 41 % Fulfillment 34 43 Technology and content 18 34 Marketing 32 29 General and administrative 24 37 Other operating expense (income), net 1,531 (46) Percent of Net Sales: Cost of sales 58.7 % 57.5 % Fulfillment 15.3 15.2 Technology and content 12.4 11.5 Marketing 6.4 5.7 General and administrative 1.9 1.8 Other operating expense (income), net &#8212; &#8212; 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales primarily consists of the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to sortation and delivery centers and where we are the transportation service provider, and digital media content costs where we record revenue gross, including video and music. 

The increase in cost of sales in absolute dollars in Q1 2021 compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increased product and shipping costs resulting from increased sales. We expect cost of sales as a percentage of net sales to continue to be negatively impacted through at least Q2 2021 by COVID-19 related costs. 

Shipping costs to receive products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized as cost of sales upon sale of products to our customers. Shipping costs, which include sortation and delivery centers and transportation costs, were $10.9 billion and $17.2 billion in Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. We expect our cost of shipping to continue to increase to the extent our customers accept and use our shipping offers at an increasing rate, we use more expensive shipping methods, including faster delivery, and we offer additional services. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time in part through achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. 

Costs to operate our AWS segment are primarily classified as &#8220;Technology and content&#8221; as we leverage a shared infrastructure that supports both our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers. 

Fulfillment 

Fulfillment costs primarily consist of those costs incurred in operating and staffing our North America and International fulfillment centers, physical stores, and customer service centers and payment processing costs. While AWS payment processing and related transaction costs are included in &#8220;Fulfillment,&#8221; AWS costs are primarily classified as &#8220;Technology and content.&#8221; Fulfillment costs as a percentage of net sales may vary due to several factors, such as payment processing and related transaction costs, our level of productivity and accuracy, changes in volume, size, and weight of units received and fulfilled, the extent to which third party sellers utilize Fulfillment by Amazon services, timing of fulfillment network and physical store expansion, the extent we utilize fulfillment services provided by third parties, mix of products and services sold, and our ability to affect customer service contacts per unit by implementing improvements in our operations and enhancements to our customer self-service features. Additionally, sales by our sellers have higher payment processing and related transaction costs as a percentage of net sales compared to our retail sales because payment processing costs are based on the gross purchase price of underlying transactions. 

The increase in fulfillment costs in absolute dollars in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to variable costs corresponding with increased product and service sales volume and inventory levels, costs from expanding our fulfillment network, and the COVID-19 related impact of lower productivity and costs to maintain safe workplaces. We expect fulfillment costs as a percentage of net sales to continue to be negatively impacted through at least Q2 2021 by COVID-19 related costs. 

We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. 

Technology and Content 

Technology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers. 

We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever increasing scale. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to an increase in spending on technology infrastructure and increased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings. See Item 7 of Part II, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#8212; Overview&#8221; of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of how management views advances in technology and the importance of innovation. 

Marketing 

Marketing costs include advertising and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities, including sales commissions related to AWS. We direct customers to our stores primarily through a number of marketing channels, such as our sponsored search, social and online advertising, third party customer referrals, television advertising, and other initiatives. Our marketing costs are largely variable, based on growth in sales and changes in rates. To the extent there is increased or decreased competition for these traffic sources, or to the extent our mix of these channels shifts, we would expect to see a corresponding change in our marketing costs. 

The increase in marketing costs in absolute dollars in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increased payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in marketing and selling activities and higher spending on marketing channels. 

While costs associated with Amazon Prime membership benefits and other shipping offers are not included in marketing expense, we view these offers as effective worldwide marketing tools, and intend to continue offering them indefinitely. 

General and Administrative 

The increase in general and administrative costs in absolute dollars in Q1 2021, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily due to increases in payroll and related expenses and professional service fees. 

Other Operating Expense (Income), Net 

Other operating expense (income), net was $70 million and $38 million for Q1 2020 and Q1 2021, and was primarily related to the amortization of intangible assets. 

Interest Income and Expense 

Our interest income was $202 million and $105 million during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. We generally invest our excess cash in AAA-rated money market funds and investment grade short- to intermediate-term fixed income securities. Our interest income corresponds with the average balance of invested funds based on the prevailing rates, which vary depending on the geographies and currencies in which they are invested. 

Interest expense was $402 million and $399 million during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021, and was primarily related to debt and finance leases. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income (expense), net was $(406) million and $1.7 billion during Q1 2020 and Q1 2021. The primary components of other income (expense), net are related to equity securities valuations and adjustments, equity warrant valuations, and foreign currency. 

Income Taxes 

Our income tax provisions for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 were $744 million and $2.2 billion, which included $273 million and $349 million of net discrete tax benefits primarily attributable to excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. See Item 1 of Part I, &#8220;Financial Statements &#8212; Note 7 &#8212; Income Taxes&#8221; for additional information. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Regulation G, Conditions for Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and other SEC regulations define and prescribe the conditions for use of certain non-GAAP financial information. Our measures of free cash flows and the effect of foreign exchange rates on our consolidated statements of operations meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures. 

We provide multiple measures of free cash flows because we believe these measures provide additional perspective on the impact of acquiring property and equipment with cash and through finance leases and financing obligations. 

Free Cash Flow 

Free cash flow is cash flow from operations reduced by &#8220;Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives.&#8221; The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, &#8220;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,&#8221; for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 (in millions): 

&#160; 

&#160; Twelve Months Ended March 31, &#160; 2020 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 39,732 $ 67,213 Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives (15,395) (40,803) Free cash flow $ 24,337 $ 26,410 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (25,053) $ (59,383) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ (10,280) $ (1,989) 

Free Cash Flow Less Principal Repayments of Finance Leases and Financing Obligations 

Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations is free cash flow reduced by &#8220;Principal repayments of finance leases&#8221; and &#8220;Principal repayments of financing obligations.&#8221; Principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations approximates the actual payments of cash for our finance leases and financing obligations. The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, &#8220;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,&#8221; for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 (in millions): 

&#160; Twelve Months Ended March 31, &#160; 2020 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 39,732 $ 67,213 Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives (15,395) (40,803) Free cash flow 24,337 26,410 Principal repayments of finance leases (10,013) (11,448) Principal repayments of financing obligations (43) (103) Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations $ 14,281 14,859 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (25,053) $ (59,383) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ (10,280) $ (1,989) 

Free Cash Flow Less Equipment Finance Leases and Principal Repayments of All Other Finance Leases and Financing Obligations 

Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations is free cash flow reduced by equipment acquired under finance leases, which is included in &#8220;Property and equipment acquired under finance leases,&#8221; principal repayments of all other finance lease liabilities, which is included in &#8220;Principal repayments of finance leases,&#8221; and &#8220;Principal repayments of financing obligations.&#8221; All other finance lease liabilities and financing obligations consists of property. In this measure, equipment acquired under finance leases is reflected as if these assets had been purchased with cash, which is not the case as these assets have been leased. The following is a reconciliation of free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations to the most comparable GAAP cash flow measure, &#8220;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities,&#8221; for the trailing twelve months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021 (in millions): 

&#160; Twelve Months Ended March 31, &#160; 2020 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 39,732 $ 67,213 Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales and incentives (15,395) (40,803) Free cash flow 24,337 26,410 Equipment acquired under finance leases (1) (12,209) (8,936) Principal repayments of all other finance leases (2) (407) (525) Principal repayments of financing obligations (43) (103) Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing obligations $ 11,678 $ 16,846 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (25,053) $ (59,383) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ (10,280) $ (1,989) 

___________________ 

(1) For the twelve months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021, this amount relates to equipment included in &#8220;Property and equipment acquired under finance leases&#8221; of $13,262 million and $11,489 million. 

(2) For the twelve months ended March 31, 2020 and 2021, this amount relates to property included in &#8220;Principal repayments of finance leases&#8221; of $10,013 million and $11,448 million. 

All of these free cash flows measures have limitations as they omit certain components of the overall cash flow statement and do not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, these measures of free cash flows do 

not incorporate the portion of payments representing principal reductions of debt or cash payments for business acquisitions. Additionally, our mix of property and equipment acquisitions with cash or other financing options may change over time. Therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flows measures only as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Effect of Foreign Exchange Rates 

Information regarding the effect of foreign exchange rates, versus the U.S. Dollar, on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income is provided to show reported period operating results had the foreign exchange rates remained the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period. The effect on our net sales, operating expenses, and operating income from changes in our foreign exchange rates versus the U.S. Dollar is as follows (in millions): 

&#160; Three Months Ended March 31, 2020 2021 As Reported Exchange Rate Effect (1) At Prior Year Rates (2) As Reported Exchange Rate Effect (1) At Prior Year Rates (2) Net sales $ 75,452 $ 387 $ 75,839 $ 108,518 $ (2,073) $ 106,445 Operating expenses 71,463 450 71,913 99,653 (1,966) 97,687 Operating income 3,989 (63) 3,926 8,865 (107) 8,758 

___________________ 

(1) Represents the change in reported amounts resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates from those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results. 

(2) Represents the outcome that would have resulted had foreign exchange rates in the reported period been the same as those in effect in the comparable prior year period for operating results. 

Guidance 

We provided guidance on April 29, 2021, in our earnings release furnished on Form 8-K as set forth below. These forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com&#8217;s expectations as of April 29, 2021, and are subject to substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, as well as thos e outlined in Item 1A of Part II, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; This guidance reflects our estimates as of April 29, 2021 regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including those discussed above, and is highly dependent on numerous factors that we may not be able to predict or control, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any recurrence; actions taken by governments, businesses, and individuals in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on global and regional economies and economic activity, workforce staffing and productivity, and our significant and continuing spending on employee safety measures; our ability to continue operations in affected areas; and consumer demand and spending patterns, as well as the effects on suppliers, creditors, and third-party sellers, all of which are uncertain. This guidance also assumes the impacts on consumer demand and spending patterns, including impacts due to concerns over the current economic outlook, will be in line with those experienced during the second quarter of 2021 to date, and the additional assumptions set forth below. However, it is not possible to determine the ultimate impact on our operations for the second quarter of 2021, or whether other currently unanticipated direct or indirect consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our operations. 

Second Quarter 2021 Guidance 

&#8226; Net sales are expected to be between $110.0 billion and $116.0 billion, or to grow between 24% and 30% compared with second quarter 2020. This guidance anticipates a favorable impact of approximately 200 basis points from foreign exchange rates. 

&#8226; Operating income is expected to be between $4.5 billion and $8.0 billion, compared with $5.8 billion in second quarter 2020. This guidance assumes approximately $1.5 billion of costs related to COVID-19. 

&#8226; This guidance assumes that Prime Day occurs in second quarter 2021. 

&#8226; This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements are concluded. 



 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. In addition to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions on our business and operations discussed in Item 2 of Part I, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,&#8221; and in the risk factors below, additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic and the global economic climate may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below. 

Business and Industry Risks 

We Face Intense Competition 

Our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies, including cross-border competition, and in different industries, including physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, e-commerce services, web and infrastructure computing services, electronic devices, digital content, advertising, grocery, and transportation and logistics services. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, particularly with our newly-launched products and services and in our newer geographic regions. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. 

Competition continues to intensify, including with the development of new business models and the entry of new and well-funded competitors, and as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand to become competitive with our business. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web and infrastructure computing services, digital content, and electronic devices continue to increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser known businesses to compete against us. As a result of competition, our product and service offerings may not be successful, we may fail to gain or may lose business, and we may be required to increase our spending or lower prices, any of which could materially reduce our sales and profits. 

Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies, and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Risks 

We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. 

Our International Operations Expose Us to a Number of Risks 

Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop, and maintain international operations and stores, and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not become profitable on a sustained basis. 

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 

&#8226; local economic and political conditions; 

&#8226; government regulation (such as regulation of our product and service offerings and of competition); restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs); nationalization; and restrictions on foreign ownership; 

&#8226; restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services, and content, including uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 

&#8226; business licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports, web services, and electronic devices; 

&#8226; limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

&#8226; limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; 

&#8226; shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; 

&#8226; laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, payments, advertising, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; 

&#8226; lower levels of use of the Internet; 

&#8226; lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; 

&#8226; lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; 

&#8226; difficulty in staffing, developing, and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; 

&#8226; different employee/employer relationships and the existence of works councils and labor unions; 

&#8226; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable U.S. and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties; 

&#8226; laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes; and 

&#8226; geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. 

As international physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services grow, competition will intensify, including through adoption of evolving business models. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand names. The inability to hire, train, retain, and manage sufficient required personnel may limit our international growth. 

The People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;PRC&#8221;) and India regulate Amazon&#8217;s and its affiliates&#8217; businesses and operations in country through regulations and license requirements that may restrict (i) foreign investment in and operation of the Internet, IT infrastructure, data centers, retail, delivery, and other sectors, (ii) Internet content, and (iii) the sale of media and other products and services. For example, in order to meet local ownership, regulatory licensing, and cybersecurity requirements, we provide certain technology services in China through contractual relationships with third parties that hold PRC licenses to provide services. In India, the government restricts the ownership or control of Indian companies by foreign entities involved in online multi-brand retail trading activities. For www.amazon.in, we provide certain marketing tools and logistics services to third-party sellers to enable them to sell online and deliver to customers, and we hold indirect minority interests in entities that are third-party sellers on the www.amazon.in marketplace. Although we believe these structures and activities comply with existing laws, they involve unique risks, and the PRC and India may from time to time consider and implement additional changes in their regulatory, licensing, or other requirements that could impact these structures and activities. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC and Indian laws and regulations, and it is possible that these governments will ultimately take a view contrary to ours. In addition, our Chinese and Indian businesses and operations may be unable to continue to operate if we or our affiliates are unable to access sufficient funding or, in China, enforce contractual relationships we or our affiliates have in place. Violation of any existing or future PRC, Indian, or other laws or regulations or changes in the interpretations of those laws and regulations could result in our businesses in those countries being subject to fines and other financial penalties, having licenses revoked, or being forced to restructure our operations or shut down entirely. 

The Variability in Our Retail Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations 

Demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, or geopolitical events. For example, we expect a disproportionate amount of our retail sales to occur during our fourth quarter. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. When we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which could materially reduce profitability. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we offer or sell and the attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. Risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment network optimization and inventory are magnified during periods of high demand. 

We generally have payment terms with our retail vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our consumer customers. As a result of holiday sales, as of December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable as of December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

We Are Impacted by Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers 

The law relating to the liability of online service providers is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies have in the past and could in the future require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we maintain policies and processes designed to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers&#8217; descriptions, and to prevent sellers in our stores or through other stores from selling unlawful, counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, selling goods in an unlawful or unethical manner, violating the proprietary rights of others, or otherwise violating our policies. When these policies and processes are circumvented or fail to operate sufficiently, it can harm our business or damage our reputation and we could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our third-party seller sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. 

We Face Risks Related to Adequately Protecting Our Intellectual Property Rights and Being Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection is not available in every country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 

We are not always able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Actions taken by third parties that license our proprietary rights may materially diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property requires the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property do not always adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. 

We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, have in the past, and may in the future, result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us, or significant payments for damages, including to satisfy indemnification obligations or to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. 

Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. Breach or malfunctioning of the digital rights management technology that we use could subject us to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our service. 

We Have Foreign Exchange Risk 

The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international stores and product and service offerings are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Due to these fluctuations, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities in foreign currencies including Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. When the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. 

Operating Risks 

Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial, and Other Resources 

We are continuing to rapidly and significantly expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

We Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate 

We are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we are not always able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. 

Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or growth. 

Our sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to factors described elsewhere in this section and the following: 

&#8226; our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers&#8217; demands; 

&#8226; our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers; 

&#8226; our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 

&#8226; the introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; 

&#8226; changes in usage or adoption rates of the Internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services, including outside the U.S.; 

&#8226; timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; 

&#8226; the success of our geographic, service, and product line expansions; 

&#8226; the extent to which we finance, and the terms of any such financing for, our current operations and future growth; 

&#8226; the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, which may include significant monetary damages or injunctive relief and could have a material adverse impact on our operating results; 

&#8226; variations in the mix of products and services we sell; 

&#8226; variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; 

&#8226; the extent to which we offer fast and free delivery, continue to reduce prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers; 

&#8226; factors affecting our reputation or brand image; 

&#8226; the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories; 

&#8226; increases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products and commodities like paper and packing supplies and hardware products; 

&#8226; the extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our stores successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and unconstrained access to our online services; 

&#8226; our ability to collect amounts owed to us when they become due; 

&#8226; the extent to which new and existing technologies, or industry trends, restrict online advertising or affect our ability to customize advertising or otherwise tailor our product and service offerings; 

&#8226; the extent to which use of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer intrusions, outages, and similar events; and 

&#8226; disruptions from natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities), labor or trade disputes, and similar events. 

We Face Risks Related to Successfully Optimizing and Operating Our Fulfillment Network and Data Centers 

Failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. As we continue to add fulfillment and data center capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our fulfillment and data center networks become increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks effectively. 

In addition, failure to optimize inventory in our fulfillment network increases our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial shipments. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment network. Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services to accurately forecast product demand may result in us being unable to secure sufficient storage space or to optimize our fulfillment network or cause other unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 

We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. The inability to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or performance problems or other difficulties experienced by these companies or by our own transportation systems could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues, labor or trade disputes, and similar events. 

We Could Be Harmed by Data Loss or Other Security Breaches 

Because we collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information, failure to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security breaches or vulnerabilities affecting our or our vendors&#8217; or customers&#8217; technology, products, and systems, could: expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information; adversely affect our operating results; result in litigation, liability, or regulatory action (including under laws related to privacy, data protection, data security, network security, and consumer protection); deter customers or sellers from using our stores and services; and otherwise harm our business and reputation. We use third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. Some of our systems have experienced past security breaches, and, although they did not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, there can be no assurance of a similar result in the future. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer data and prevent such incidents, including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor or customer, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. 

We Face Risks Related to System Interruption and Lack of Redundancy 

We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Steps we take to add software and hardware, upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and improve the stability and efficiency of our systems may not be sufficient to avoid system interruptions or delays that could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our computer and communications systems and operations in the past have been, or in the future could be, damaged or interrupted due to events such as natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical events and security issues (including terrorist attacks and armed hostilities), computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services, which could make our product and service offerings less attractive and subject us to liability. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. In addition, our insurance may not provide sufficient coverage to compensate for related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 

The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel or the Failure to Hire and Retain Highly Skilled and Other Key Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business 

We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, including Jeffrey P. Bezos, our founder, President, CEO, and Chairman. We do not have &#8220;key person&#8221; life insurance policies. We also rely on other highly skilled personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the technology industry has historically been intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff, as well as senior management. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel, could harm our business. 

Our Supplier Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks 

We have significant suppliers, including content and technology licensors, and in some cases, limited or single-sources of supply, that are important to our sourcing, services, manufacturing, and any related ongoing servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our suppliers to guarantee availability of merchandise, content, components, or services, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits. Decisions by our current suppliers to limit or stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms, or delay delivery, including as a result of one or more supplier bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions, as a result of natural disasters, or for other reasons, may result in our being unable to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, violations by our suppliers or other vendors of applicable laws, regulations, contractual terms, intellectual property rights of others, or our Supply Chain Standards, as well as products or practices regarded as unethical, unsafe, or hazardous, could expose us to claims, damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

Our Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships Expose Us to Risks 

We provide physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships. Under these agreements, we provide web services, technology, fulfillment, computing, digital storage, and other services, as well as enable sellers to offer products or services through our stores. These arrangements are complex and require substantial infrastructure capacity, personnel, and other resource commitments, which may limit the amount of business we can service. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content, and third-party software, and engaging third parties to perform services. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of our commercial agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company&#8217;s sales. Therefore, when the other company&#8217;s offerings are not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional or alternative commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining, or developing these services. 

As our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such as: 

&#8226; disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

&#8226; impairment of other relationships; 

&#8226; variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 

&#8226; difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 

Our Business Suffers When We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments 

We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may in the future acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as: 

&#8226; disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

&#8226; problems retaining key personnel; 

&#8226; additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

&#8226; the potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill, including as a result of acquisitions; 

&#8226; the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any integration of operations; 

&#8226; the difficulty of completing such transactions and achieving anticipated benefits within expected timeframes, or at all; 

&#8226; the difficulty of incorporating acquired operations, technology, and rights into our offerings, and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; 

&#8226; the difficulty of integrating a new company&#8217;s accounting, financial reporting, management, information and data security, human resource, and other administrative systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not successfully implemented; 

&#8226; losses we may incur as a result of declines in the value of an investment or as a result of incorporating an investee&#8217;s financial performance into our financial results; 

&#8226; for investments in which an investee&#8217;s financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full or in part, the dependence on the investee&#8217;s accounting, financial reporting, and similar systems, controls, and processes; 

&#8226; the difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures, and policies appropriate for a larger public company; 

&#8226; the risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face; 

&#8226; potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 

&#8226; for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

As a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business or only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. In addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair value which could adversely impact our financial results. 

We Face Significant Inventory Risk 

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment network and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, defective merchandise, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products, spoilage, and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking products we manufacture and/or sell. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components requires significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and at times we are unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or to meet demand during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our operating results. 

We Are Subject to Payments-Related Risks 

We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift cards, direct debit from a customer&#8217;s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check, and payment upon delivery. For existing and future payment options we offer to our customers, we currently are subject to, and may become subject to additional, regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced authentication 

processes that could result in significant costs and reduce the ease of use of our payments products), as well as fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide certain Amazon-branded payment methods and payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional financing. In each case, it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We also offer co-branded credit card programs, which could adversely affect our operating results if renewed on less favorable terms or terminated. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. Failure to comply with these rules or requirements, as well as any breach, compromise, or failure to otherwise detect or prevent fraudulent activity involving our data security systems, could result in our being liable for card issuing banks&#8217; costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and loss of our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we provide regulated services in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate payments on their behalf. Jurisdictions subject us to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding and capital maintenance, the use, handling, and segregation of transferred funds, consumer disclosures, maintaining or processing data, and authentication. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to payments, money laundering, international money transfers, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties, or forced to cease providing certain services. 

We Have a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile 

We have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading price of our common stock fluctuates significantly in response to, among other risks, the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, as well as: 

&#8226; changes in interest rates; 

&#8226; conditions or trends in the Internet and the industry segments we operate in; 

&#8226; quarterly variations in operating results; 

&#8226; fluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular; 

&#8226; changes in financial estimates by us or decisions to increase or decrease future spending or investment levels; 

&#8226; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 

&#8226; changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public; 

&#8226; changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce or technology companies; and 

&#8226; transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation. 

Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation to employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business 

We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet, physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail, digital content, web services, electronic devices, advertising, artificial intelligence technologies and services, and other products and services that we offer or sell. These regulations and laws cover taxation, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, transportation, mobile communications, electronic device certification, electronic waste, energy consumption, environmental regulation, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, employment, trade and protectionist measures, web services, the provision of online payment services, registration, licensing, and information reporting requirements, unencumbered Internet access to our services or access to our facilities, the design and operation of websites, health, safety, and sanitation standards, the characteristics, legality, and quality of products and services, product labeling, the commercial operation of unmanned aircraft systems, and other matters. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, and consumer protection apply to aspects of our operations such as the Internet, e-commerce, digital content, web services, electronic devices, advertising, and artificial 

intelligence technologies and services. A large number of jurisdictions regulate our operations, and the extent, nature, and scope of such regulations is evolving and expanding as the scope of our businesses expand. We are regularly subject to formal and informal reviews and investigations by governments and regulatory authorities under existing laws, regulations, or interpretations or pursuing new and novel approaches to regulate our operations. For example, a number of regulators have opened investigations to assess whether aspects of our operations violate competition rules. Unfavorable regulations, laws, decisions, or interpretations by government or regulatory authorities applying those laws and regulations, or inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions threatened or initiated by them, could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil and criminal liability or penalties (including substantial monetary fines), diminish the demand for, or availability of, our products and services, increase our cost of doing business, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, damage our reputation, impede our growth, or otherwise have a material effect on our operations. 

Claims, Litigation, Government Investigations, and Other Proceedings May Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations 

As an innovative company offering a wide range of consumer and business products and services around the world, we are regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews, investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings by governments and regulatory authorities, involving a wide range of issues, including patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, privacy, data protection, data security, network security, consumer protection, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. The number and scale of these proceedings have increased over time as our businesses have expanded in scope and geographic reach and our products, services, and operations have become more complex and available to, and used by, more people. Any of these types of proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. The outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. Determining legal reserves or possible losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, including as a result of a settlement, could involve licenses, sanctions, consent decrees, or orders requiring us to make substantial future payments, preventing us from offering certain products or services, requiring us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a material effect on our operations. 

We Are Subject to Product Liability Claims When People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell or Manufacture 

Some of the products we sell or manufacture expose us to product liability or food safety claims relating to personal injury or illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell products using our services and stores also expose us to product liability claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 

We Face Additional Tax Liabilities and Collection Obligations 

We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. (federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We may recognize additional tax expense and be subject to additional tax liabilities, including other liabilities for tax collection obligations due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations related to tax, including changes to the global tax framework, competition, and other laws and accounting rules in various jurisdictions. Such changes could come about as a result of economic, political, and other conditions. An increasing number of jurisdictions are considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes, targeting online commerce and the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to collect sales, consumption, value added, or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in liability for third party obligations. For example, the European Union, certain member states, and other countries have proposed or enacted taxes on online advertising and marketplace service revenues. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely effected by additional taxes of this nature imposed on us prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or failure to provide information about our customers, suppliers, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes to various government agencies. In some cases we also may not have sufficient notice to enable us to build systems and adopt processes to properly comply with new reporting or collection obligations by the effective date. 

Our tax expense and liabilities are also affected by other factors, such as changes in our business operations, acquisitions, investments, entry into new businesses and geographies, intercompany transactions, the relative amount of our foreign earnings, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize related tax benefits, the applicability of special or extraterritorial tax regimes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our stock price, changes to our forecasts of income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, and changes in our tax assets and liabilities and their valuation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our tax expense, assets, and liabilities. 

We are also subject to tax controversies in various jurisdictions that can result in tax assessments against us. Developments in an audit, investigation, or other tax controversy can have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of audits, investigations, and any other tax controversies could be materially different from our historical tax accruals. 

We Are Subject to Risks Related to Government Contracts and Related Procurement Regulations 

Our contracts with U.S., as well as state, local, and foreign, government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. We are subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contract, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business. In addition, some of these contracts are subject to periodic funding approval and/or provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause. 

