 ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

##TABLE_END Overview 

Broadcom Inc. (&#8220;Broadcom&#8221;) is the successor to Broadcom Pte. Ltd. (formerly Broadcom Limited), a Singapore company (&#8220;Broadcom-Singapore&#8221;), as a result of our redomiciliation to the United States on April 4, 2018 (the &#8220;Redomiciliation Transaction&#8221;). We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our over 50-year history of innovation dates back to our diverse origins from Hewlett-Packard Company, AT&#38;T, LSI Corporation, Broadcom Corporation (&#8220;BRCM&#8221;), Brocade Communications Systems LLC (&#8220;Brocade&#8221;), CA, Inc. (&#8220;CA&#8221;) and Symantec Corporation. Over the years, we have assembled a large team of semiconductor and software design engineers around the world. We maintain design, product and software development engineering resources at locations in the U.S., Asia, Europe and Israel, providing us with engineering expertise worldwide. We strategically focus our research and development resources to address niche opportunities in our target markets and leverage our extensive portfolio of U.S. and other patents, and other intellectual property (&#8220;IP&#8221;) to integrate multiple technologies and create system-on-chip (&#8220;SoC&#8221;) component and software solutions that target growth opportunities. We design products and software that deliver high-performance and provide mission-critical functionality. 

We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor (&#8220;CMOS&#8221;) based devices and analog III-V based products. We have a history of innovation in the semiconductor industry and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. We differentiate ourselves through our high performance design and integration capabilities and focus on developing products for target markets where we believe we can earn attractive margins. 

Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Many of the largest companies in the world, including most of the Fortune 500 and many government agencies, rely on our enterprise and mainframe software to help manage and secure their on-premise and hybrid cloud environments. Our portfolio of mainframe and enterprise software solutions enables customers to leverage the benefits of agility, automation, insights and security in managing business processes and technology investments. We also offer mission critical fibre channel storage area networking (&#8220;FC SAN&#8221;) products and related software in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. Following the acquisition of Symantec&#8217;s Enterprise Security business, we also offer a cybersecurity solutions portfolio, including data loss prevention, endpoint protection, and web, email and cloud security solutions. 

Recent Developments 

Acquisition of Symantec&#8217;s Enterprise Security Business 

On November 4, 2019, we completed the purchase of certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the Symantec Corporation (now known as NortonLifeLock Inc.) Enterprise Security business (the &#8220;Symantec Business&#8221;) for approximately $10.7 billion in cash, on a cash-free, debt-free basis (the &#8220;Symantec Asset Purchase&#8221;), subject to delayed closings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended or supplemented) we entered into with Symantec on August 8, 2019. The addition of the Symantec Business significantly expands our infrastructure software solutions as we continue to build one of the world&#8217;s leading infrastructure technology companies. 

The Symantec Business is an established leader in cybersecurity. We acquired the Symantec Business to expand our footprint of mission critical infrastructure software with our existing customer base. The Symantec Business includes a deep and broad mix of products, services and solutions, unifying cloud and on-premises security to provide advanced threat protection and information protection across endpoints, network, email and cloud applications. The key components of the Symantec Business include: 

Data Loss Prevention : Data access governance, activity monitoring, threat detection, and remediation solutions that enable security access to cloud applications. 

Endpoint Protection : A single agent architecture that delivers multi-layered security across endpoints - desktop, server, mobile and Internet of Things (&#8220;IoT&#8221;) - and enables customers to protect enterprise and mobile workforces, regardless of operating system, device or network security approaches. 

Network Security : Cloud and on-premises network security solutions, based on an advanced proxy architecture, that provide superior defense against advanced threats, enable users to protect critical business information, and help ensure secure and compliant use of cloud applications and the web. 

Email Security : Multiple layers of protection (including threat isolation and advanced analytics) against ransomware, spear phishing, and enterprise email compromise that help to identify targeted attacks and enable users to protect email against user error and data leakage. 

Cloud Application Securit y: Advanced solutions that secure cloud access, cloud infrastructure, and cloud applications, providing in-depth visibility, data security, and threat protection to safeguard users, information and workloads across public and private clouds. 

Acquisition of CA, Inc. 

On November 5, 2018 , we acquired CA for approximately $18.8 billion in cash and assumed $2.25 billion of outstanding unsecured bonds (the &#8220;CA Merger&#8221;). We financed the CA Merger with $18 billion in new term loans, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies. We also assumed all eligible unvested CA equity awards in the transaction. 

Following the CA Merger, we sold Veracode, Inc., a subsidiary of CA and provider of application security testing solutions, to Thoma Bravo, LLC for an aggregate purchase price of $950 million. 

Segment Reporting 

We updated our organizational structure for the fiscal year ended November 3, 2019 (&#8220;fiscal year 2019&#8221;), resulting in three reportable segments: semiconductor solutions, infrastructure software and IP licensing. Beginning with the fiscal year ending November 1, 2020, we will have two reportable segments: semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software. Each segment represents a component for which separate financial information is available that is utilized on a regular basis by the chief operating decision maker in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. The reportable segments are determined based on several factors including, but not limited to, customer base, homogeneity of products, technology, delivery channels and similar economic characteristics. 

Our semiconductor solutions segment will continue to include all of our semiconductor solution product lines, as well as our IP licensing. Our infrastructure software segment will include our mainframe and enterprise software solutions, our FC SAN business and the Symantec Business. 

See discussion in the &#8220;Results of Operations&#8221; section included in Part II, Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 12 . &#8220; Segment Information &#8221; included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional segment information. For fiscal year 2019, net revenue included contributions from CA commencing on November 5, 2018, which are included in the infrastructure software segment. For the fiscal year ended November 4, 2018 (&#8220;fiscal year 2018&#8221;), net revenue included contributions from Brocade commencing on November 17, 2017, which are primarily included in the infrastructure software segment. All discussions and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our business and financial results relate solely to our operations prior to the Symantec Asset Purchase, unless otherwise indicated. 

Business Strategy 

Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world&#8217;s leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. 

Products and Markets 

Semiconductor Solutions 

Semiconductors are made by imprinting a network of electronic components onto a semiconductor wafer. These devices are designed to perform various functions such as processing, amplifying and selectively filtering electronic signals, controlling electronic system functions and processing, and transmitting and storing data. Our digital and mixed signal products are based on silicon wafers with CMOS transistors offering fast switching speeds and low power consumption, which are both critical design factors for the markets we serve. We also offer analog products, which are based on III-V semiconductor materials that have higher electrical conductivity than silicon, and thus tend to have better performance characteristics in radio frequency (&#8220;RF&#8221;), and optoelectronic applications. III-V refers to elements from the 3rd and 5th groups in the periodic table of chemical elements. Examples of these materials used in our products are gallium arsenide (&#8220;GaAs&#8221;) and indium phosphide, (&#8220;InP&#8221;). 

We provide semiconductor solutions for managing the movement of data in data center, telecom, enterprise, and embedded networking applications. We provide a broad variety of RF semiconductor devices, wireless connectivity solutions and custom touch controllers for mobile applications. We also provide semiconductor solutions for enabling the set-top box and broadband access markets and for enabling secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives and solid state drives. We also provide a broad variety of products for the general industrial and automotive markets. 

Our product portfolio ranges from discrete devices to complex sub-systems that include multiple device types and may also incorporate firmware for interfacing between analog and digital systems. In some cases, our products include mechanical hardware that interfaces with optoelectronic or capacitive sensors. We focus on markets that require high quality and the technology leadership and integrated performance characteristic of our products. The table below presents our major semiconductor product families and their major applications during fiscal year 2019. 

##TABLE_START Major Applications 

Major Product Families 

&#8226; Set-top Box (&#8220;STB&#8221;) and Broadband Access 

&#8226; STB SoCs 

&#160; 

&#8226; Cable, digital subscriber line (&#8220;DSL&#8221;) and passive optical networking (&#8220;PON&#8221;) central office/consumer premise equipment (&#8220;CO/CPE&#8221;) SoCs 

&#160; 

&#8226; Wireless local area network (&#8220;WLAN&#8221;) access point SoCs 

&#8226; Data center, Telecom, Enterprise and Embedded Networking 

&#8226; Ethernet switching and routing application specific standard product (&#8220;ASSP&#8221;) 

&#160; 

&#8226; Embedded processors and controllers 

&#160; 

&#8226; Serializer/Deserializer (&#8220;SerDes&#8221;), application specific integrated circuits (&#8220;ASICs&#8221;) 

&#160; 

&#8226; Optical and copper, physical layer (&#8220;PHYs&#8221;) 

&#160; 

&#8226; Fiber optic transmitter and receiver components 

&#8226; Mobile handsets 

&#8226; RF front end modules (FEMs), filters, power amplifiers 

&#160; 

&#8226; Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, global positioning system/global navigation satellite system (&#8220;GPS/GNSS&#8221;) SoCs 

&#160; 

&#8226; Custom touch controllers 

&#8226; Servers and storage systems 

&#8226; Serial attached small computer system interface (&#8220;SAS&#8221;) and redundant array of independent disks (&#8220;RAID&#8221;) controllers and adapters 

&#160; 

&#8226; Peripheral component interconnect express (&#8220;PCIe&#8221;) switches 

&#160; 

&#8226; Fibre channel host bus adapters (&#8220;HBA&#8221;) 

&#8226; Hard disk drives (&#8220;HDD&#8221;); Solid state drives (&#8220;SSD&#8221;) 

&#8226; Read channel based SoCs; Custom flash controllers 

&#160; 

&#8226; Preamplifiers 

&#8226; Power isolation, power conversion and renewable energy systems 

&#8226; Optocouplers 

&#8226; Factory automation, in-car infotainment and renewable energy systems 

&#8226; Industrial fiber optics 

&#8226; Motor controls and factory automation 

&#8226; Motion control encoders and subsystems 

&#8226; Displays and lighting 

&#8226; Light emitting diode (&#8220;LEDs&#8221;) 

##TABLE_END

Set-Top Box Solutions: We offer complete SoC platform solutions for cable, satellite, Internet Protocol television, over-the-top and terrestrial STBs. Our products enable global service providers to introduce new and enhanced technologies and services in STBs, including transcoding, digital video recording functionality, higher definition video processing, increased networking capabilities, and more tuners to enable faster channel change and more simultaneous recordings. We are also enabling service providers in deploying High Efficiency Video Coding (&#8220;HEVC&#8221;), a video compression format that is a successor to the H.264/MPEG-4 format. HEVC enables ultra-high definition (&#8220;Ultra HD&#8221;), services by effectively doubling the capacity of existing networks to deploy new or existing content. Our families of STB solutions support the complete range of resolutions, from standard definition, to high definition, and Ultra HD. 

Broadband Access Solutions: We offer complete SoC platform solutions for DSL, cable, PON and WLAN for both CPE and CO deployments. Our CPE devices are used in broadband modems, residential gateways and Wi-Fi access points and routers. Our CO devices, including DSL Access Multiplexer, cable modem termination systems and PON optical line termination medium access controller, are empowering modern operator broadband infrastructure. Our products enable global service providers to continue to deploy next generation broadband access technologies across multiple standards, including G.Fast, data over cable service interface specification, PON and Wi-Fi to provide more bandwidth and faster speeds to consumers. 

Ethernet Switching &#38; Routing: Ethernet is a ubiquitous interconnection technology that enables high performance and cost effective networking infrastructure. We offer a broad set of Ethernet switching and routing products that are optimized for data center, service provider network, enterprise network, and embedded network applications. In the data center market, our high capacity, low latency, switching silicon supports advanced protocols around virtualization and multi-pathing. Our Ethernet switching fabric technologies provide the ability to build highly scalable flat networks supporting tens of thousands of servers. Our service provider switch portfolio enables carrier/service provider networks to support a large number of services in the wireless backhaul, access, aggregation and core of their networks. For enterprise networks and embedded ethernet applications, we offer product families that combine multi-layer switching capabilities and support lower power modes that comply with industry standards around energy efficient Ethernet. 

Embedded Processors &#38; Controllers: Our embedded processors leverage our ARM central processing unit and Ethernet switching technology to deliver SoCs for high performance embedded applications in a wide range of communication products such as voice-over-internet-protocol, telephony, point-of-sale devices and enterprise and retail access points and gateways. We offer a range of knowledge-based processors to enable high-performance decision-making for packet processing in a variety of advanced devices in the enterprise, metro, access, edge and core networking spaces. We also offer a range of Ethernet controllers for servers and storage systems supporting multiple generations of Ethernet technology. 

SerDes ASICs: For data center and enterprise networking, and high performance computing applications, we supply high speed SerDes technology integrated into ASICs. These ASICs are custom products built to individual customers specifications. Our ASICs are designed on advanced CMOS process technologies, focused primarily on leading edge geometries. 

Physical Layer Devices: These devices, also referred to as PHYs, are transceivers that enable the reception and transmission of Ethernet data packets over a physical medium such as copper wire or optical fibers. Our high performance Ethernet transceivers are built upon a proprietary digital signal processing communication architecture optimized for high-speed network connections and support the latest standards and advanced features, such as energy efficient Ethernet, data encryption and time synchronization. We also offer a range of automotive Ethernet products to meet growing consumer demand for in-vehicle connectivity. 

Fiber Optic Components: We supply a wide array of optical components to the Ethernet networking, storage, and access, metro- and long-haul telecommunication markets. Our optical components enable the high speed reception and transmission of data through optical fibers. 

RF Semiconductor Devices: Our RF semiconductor devices selectively filter, as well as amplify, RF signals. Filters enable modern wireless communication systems to support a large number of subscribers simultaneously by ensuring that the multiple transmissions and receptions of voice and data streams do not interfere with each other. We were among the first to deliver commercial film bulk acoustic resonator (&#8220;FBAR&#8221;) filters that offer technological advantages over competing filter technologies, to allow mobile handsets to function more efficiently in today's congested RF spectrum. FBAR technology has a significant market share within the cellular handset market. Our RF products include FEMs that incorporate multiple die into multi-function RF devices, duplexers and multiplexers, which are a combination of two or more transmit and receive filters in a single device, using our proprietary FBAR technology, discrete filters and discrete power amplifiers. 

Our expertise in FBAR technology, amplifier design, and module integration enables us to offer industry-leading performance in cellular RF transceiver applications. Our proprietary GaAs wafer manufacturing processes are critical to the production of power amplifier and low noise amplifier products. 

Connectivity Solutions: Our connectivity solutions include discrete and integrated Wi-Fi and Bluetooth solutions, and satellite-based GPS/GNSS mobile navigation receivers. 

Wi-Fi allows devices on a local area network to communicate wirelessly, adding the convenience of mobility to the utility of high-speed data networks. We offer a family of high performance, low power Wi-Fi chipsets. Bluetooth is a low power technology that enables direct connectivity between devices. We offer a complete family of Bluetooth silicon and software solutions that enable manufacturers to easily and cost-effectively add Bluetooth functionality to virtually any device. These solutions include combination chips that offer integrated Wi-Fi and Bluetooth functionality, which provides significant performance advantages over discrete solutions. 

We also offer a family of GPS, assisted-GPS (&#8220;A-GPS&#8221;) and GNSS semiconductor products, software and data services. These products are part of a broader location platform that leverages a broad range of communications technologies, including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS, to provide more accurate location and navigation capabilities. 

Custom Touch Controllers: Our touch controllers process signals from touch screens in mobile handsets and tablets. 

SAS, RAID &#38; PCIe Products: We provide SAS and RAID controller and adapter solutions to server and storage system original equipment manufacturers (&#8220;OEMs&#8221;). These solutions enable secure and high speed data transmission between a host computer, such as a server, and storage peripheral devices, such as HDD, SSD and optical disk drives and disk and tape-based storage systems. Some of these solutions are delivered as stand-alone semiconductors, typically as a controller. Other solutions are delivered as circuit boards, known as adapter products, which incorporate our semiconductors onto a circuit board with other features. RAID technology is a critical part of our server storage connectivity solutions as it provides protection against the loss of critical data resulting from HDD failures. 

We also provide interconnect semiconductors that support the PCI and PCIe communication standards. PCIe is the primary interconnection mechanism inside computing systems today. 

Fibre Channel Products: We provide Fibre Channel HBAs, which connect host computers such as servers to FC SANs. 

HDD &#38; SSD Products: We provide read channel-based SoCs and preamplifiers to HDD OEMs. These are the critical chips required to read, write and protect data. An HDD SoC is an integrated circuit (&#8220;IC&#8221;) that combines the functionality of a read channel, serial interface, memory and a hard disk controller in a small, high-performance, low-power and cost-effective package. Read channels convert analog signals that are generated by reading the stored data on the physical media into digital signals. In addition, we sell preamplifiers, which are used to amplify the initial signal to and from the drive disk heads so the signal can be processed by the read channel. 

We also provide custom flash controllers to SSD OEMs. An SSD stores data in flash memory instead of on a hard disk, providing high speed access to the data. Flash controllers manage the underlying flash memory in SSDs, performing critical functions such as reading and writing data to and from the flash memory and performing error correction, wear leveling and bad block management. 

Optocouplers: We offer optical isolators, or optocouplers, which provide electrical insulation and signal isolation for signaling systems that are susceptible to electrical noise or interference. Optocouplers are used in a diverse set of applications, including industrial motors, automotive systems including those used in hybrid engines, power generation and distribution systems, switching power supplies, motion sensors, telecommunications equipment, computers and office equipment, plasma displays, and military electronics. 

Industrial Fiber Optics: For industrial networking, we provide robust optical transceivers using plastic optical fiber that enable high-speed and interoperable networking and factory automation. 

Motion Encoders: For industrial motors and robotic motion control, we supply optical encoders, as well as ICs for the controller and decoder functions. 

LEDs: For electronic signs and signals, we supply LED assemblies that offer high brightness and stable light output over thousands of hours, enabling us to support traffic signals, large commercial signs and other displays. 

Infrastructure Software 

Our portfolio of mission critical software solutions enables customers to leverage the benefits of agility, automation, insights, resiliency and security in managing business processes and technology investments. Our mainframe software solutions include solutions for the IBM Z&#174; mainframe platform, which runs many of our largest customers&#8217; mission critical business applications. These software products help customers improve economics by increasing throughput and lowering cost per transaction, increasing business agility through DevOps tooling and processes, increasing reliability and availability of operations through machine intelligence and automation solutions, and protecting enterprise data with security and compliance. 

Our enterprise software solutions enable large global organizations to transform into digital businesses by providing an end-to-end digital infrastructure management platform that delivers speed, agility and the ability to optimize for risk across multi-cloud hybrid environments and workloads. More specifically, these products offer unique solutions that help with application development, testing and deployment, operations and automation, and securing users and access to information technology (&#8220;IT&#8221;) infrastructure and applications. We are able to leverage our core strengths and development efforts to create products and enterprise software solutions that bring new innovation to our mainframe software solutions and vice versa, spanning three strategic portfolios: Agile, DevOps and Security. 

We also offer mission critical FC SAN products designed to help customers reduce the cost and complexity of managing business information within a shared data storage environment, enabling high levels of availability of mission critical applications in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporating multiple semiconductor products. We deliver reliable and simplified management of these FC SAN products through our software-based management tools designed to maximize uptime, dramatically simplify storage area networking deployment and management, and provide high levels of visibility and insight into the storage network. 

The table below presents our software portfolios and their major offerings during fiscal year 2019. 

##TABLE_START Portfolio 

Major Portfolio Offerings 

&#8226; Agile defines how work is planned, executed and serviced to deliver rapid value to our customers, and enables customers to plan, deliver, manage and optimize application development and project management. 

&#8226; Agile Planning 

&#160; 

&#8226; Project &#38; Portfolio Management 

&#8226; DevOps &#160; accelerates software delivery, enabling customers to simplify, automate, and make their processes and applications more robust, and provides customers the flexibility to optimize workloads across mobile, cloud, on-premise, and mainframe environments. 

&#8226; Continuous Delivery 

&#160; 

&#8226; Automation 

&#160; 

&#8226; Agile Operations 

&#160; 

&#8226; Application Programming Interface (&#8220;API&#8221;) Management 

&#8226; Security provides seamless access to the right data designed to minimize the risk of data breaches. 

&#8226; Application Security 

&#160; 

&#8226; Identity &#38; Access Management 

&#160; 

&#8226; Payment Security 

&#8226; FC SAN Management 

&#8226; Fibre Channel switch 

##TABLE_END

Agile Planning: This solution helps customers to collaboratively plan, prioritize and track agile software development at scale using an iterative work cadence that decreases time-to-market, increases product quality and maintains a focus on generating rapid business value. 

Project &#38; Portfolio Management: This offering is complementary to Agile Planning, enables customers to collect, prioritize, plan and deliver products, services and customer experiences. 

Continuous Delivery: This offering automates the deployment of applications across all stages of their lifecycles enabling the development, testing and release teams to work concurrently and continuously. 

Automation: We provide end-to-end automation capabilities that cover service orchestration, workload automation and release automation capabilities, accelerating the entire application delivery process. 

Agile Operations: We provide intelligent analytics, comprehensive coverage, and an open, extensible architecture that helps customers correlate end-user, application and infrastructure data from cloud-hosted containers to mainframes. 

API Management: This solution facilitates the creation, security and management of APIs through their lifecycle, enabling customers to connect more directly with end-users via mobile apps, cloud platforms and IoT devices. 

Application Security: This solution is hosted on a unified application security testing platform and integrates into existing development toolchains. This enables users to quickly identify and remediate security flaws earlier in the development process and supports the development of high-quality, secure code. 

Identity &#38; Access Management: We provide enterprise-grade identity management and governance capabilities, including broad provisioning support for on-premises and cloud-based applications, extensibility and flexibility to integrate with other IT systems and control and monitor the access and activity of privileged users. 

Payment Security: This is a software as a service (&#8220;SaaS&#8221;)-based payment authentication service to help banks protect against fraud and ensure a hassle-free online shopping experience for their customers. 

Fibre Channel Switch Products: The Fibre Channel switch products we acquired in connection with our acquisition of Brocade provide interconnection, bandwidth, and high-speed switching between servers and storage devices which are in a FC SAN. FC SANs are networks dedicated to mission critical storage traffic, and enable simultaneous high speed and secure connections among multiple host computers and multiple storage arrays. 

Research and Development 

We are committed to continuous investment in product development and enhancement, with a focus on rapidly introducing new, proprietary products and releases. Many of our products have grown out of our own research and development efforts, and have given us competitive advantages in certain target markets due to performance differentiation. However, we opportunistically seek to enhance our capabilities through the acquisition of engineers with complementary research and development skills and complementary technologies and businesses. We focus our research and development efforts on the development of mission critical, innovative, sustainable and higher value product platforms and those that improve the quality and stability in our broadly deployed products. We leverage our design capabilities in markets where we believe our innovation and reputation will allow us to earn attractive margins by developing high value-add products. 

We plan to continue investing in product development, both organically and through acquisitions, to drive growth in our business. We also invest in process development and improvements to product features and functions, as well as fabrication capabilities to optimize processes for devices that are manufactured internally. Our field application engineers, design engineers, and product and software development engineers are located in many places around the world, and in many cases near our top customers. This enhances our customer reach and our visibility into new product opportunities and, in the case of our semiconductor customers, enables us to support our customers in each stage of their product development cycle, from the early stages of production design to volume manufacturing and future growth. By collaborating with our customers, we have opportunities to develop high value-added, customized products for them that leverage our existing technologies. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain our competitive position, and to ensure a continuous flow of innovative and sustainable product platforms. 

Customers, Sales and Distribution 

We sell our products through our direct sales force and a select network of distributors and channel partners globally. Distributors and OEMs, or their contract manufacturers, typically account for the substantial majority of our semiconductor sales. Historically, a relatively small number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. Sales to distributors accounted for 46% and 34% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Direct sales to WT Microelectronics accounted for 17% of our net revenue for the fiscal year 2019 . We believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 30% and more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. We believe aggregate sales to Apple Inc., through all channels, accounted for approximately 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2019 and approximately 25% for fiscal year 2018 . We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Many of our semiconductor customers design products in North America or Europe that are then manufactured in Asia. To serve customers around the world, we have strategically developed relationships with large global electronic component distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relationships based on their respective product ranges. We also sell our products to a wide variety of OEMs or their contract manufacturers. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. Our direct sales force focuses on supporting our large OEM customers, and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customer&#8217;s organization. Certain customers require us to contract with them directly and with specified intermediaries, such as contract manufacturers. Many of our major customer relationships have been in place for many years and are often the result of years of collaborative product development. This has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers&#8217; requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Many of our customers and their contract manufacturers often require time critical delivery of our products to multiple locations around the world. With sales offices located in various countries, our primary warehouse in Malaysia, and dedicated regional customer support call centers, where we address customer issues and handle logistics and other order fulfillment requirements, we believe we are well-positioned to support our customers throughout the design, technology transfer and manufacturing stages across all geographies. 

Our software customers are in most major industries worldwide, including banks, insurance companies, other financial services providers, government agencies, global IT service providers, telecommunication providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, technology companies, retailers, educational organizations and health care institutions. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We remain focused on strengthening relationships and increasing penetration within our existing core, mainframe-centric customers and expanding the adoption of our enterprise software offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. 

Manufacturing Operations 

We focus on maintaining an efficient global supply chain and a variable, low-cost operating model. Accordingly, we outsource a majority of our manufacturing operations, utilizing third-party foundry and assembly and test capabilities, as well as some of our corporate infrastructure functions. The majority of our front-end wafer manufacturing operations is outsourced to external foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (&#8220;TSMC&#8221;), primarily, as well as United Microelectronics Corporation, GlobalFoundries, Silicon Manufacturing Partners Pte. Ltd., Tower Semiconductor Ltd. and WIN Semiconductors Corp. We use third-party contract manufacturers for a significant majority of our assembly and test operations, including Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Foxconn Technology Group, Amkor Technology, Inc. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. We use our internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, to protect our IP and to accelerate time to market for our products, while outsourcing commodity processes such as standard CMOS. Examples of internally fabricated semiconductors include our FBAR filters for wireless communications and our vertical-cavity surface emitting laser and side emitting lasers-based on GaAs and InP lasers for fiber optic communications. The majority of our internal III-V semiconductor wafer fabrication is done in the U.S. and Singapore. Many of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular foundry, either our own or with a particular contract manufacturer, and in some instances, we may only qualify one contract manufacturer to manufacture certain of our products. 

We also have a long history of operating in Asia, where approximately 35% of our employees are located and where we manufacture and source the majority of our products and materials. We store the majority of our product inventory in our warehouse in Malaysia and our presence in Asia places us in close proximity to many of our customers&#8217; manufacturing facilities and at the center of worldwide electronics manufacturing. 

Manufacturing Materials and Suppliers 

Our manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of semiconductors, electromechanical components and assemblies and raw materials. We purchase materials from hundreds of suppliers on a global basis. These supply relationships are generally conducted on a purchase order basis. While we have not experienced any significant difficulty in obtaining the materials used in the conduct of our business and we believe that no single supplier is material, some of the parts are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for re-design or qualification. Our long-term relationships with our suppliers allow us to proactively manage our technology development and product discontinuance plans, and to monitor our suppliers' financial health. Some suppliers may, nonetheless, extend their lead times, limit supplies, increase prices or cease to produce necessary parts for our products. If these are unique or highly specialized components, we may not be able to find a substitute quickly, or at all. To address the potential disruption in our supply chain, we may use a number of techniques, including, in some cases, qualifying more than one source of supply, redesigning products for alternative components and incremental, or in some cases, "lifetime" purchases of affected parts for supply buffer. 

Competition 

The markets in which we participate are highly competitive. Our competitors range from large, international companies offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets. The competitive landscape is changing as a result of a trend toward consolidation within many industries, as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, while others have begun collaborating with each other. We expect this consolidation trend to continue. We expect competition in the markets in which we participate to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings and as new companies enter the market. Additionally, our ability to compete effectively depends on a number of factors, including: quality, technical performance, price, product features, product system compatibility, system-level design capability, engineering expertise, responsiveness to customers, new product innovation, product availability, delivery timing and reliability, and customer sales and technical support. 

In the semiconductor market, we compete with integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies, as well as the internal resources of large, integrated OEMs. Our primary competitors are Analog Devices, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Cree, Inc., Finisar Corp., GlobalFoundries, Hamamatsu Photonics K.K., Heidenhain Corporation, HiSilicon Technologies Co. Ltd., Intel Corp., Lumentum Operations LLC, MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc., Marvell Technology Group, Ltd., Mediatek Inc., Mellanox Technologies, Inc., Microsemi Corp., Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd., NXP Semiconductors N.V., Qorvo, Inc., Qualcomm Inc., Quantenna Communications, Inc. (acquired by ON Semiconductor Corporation), ST Microelectronics N.V., Renesas Electronics Corporation, Skyworks Solutions, Inc., Sumitomo Corporation, TDK-EPC Corporation, Toshiba Corporation, and Texas Instruments, Inc. We compete based on the strength and expertise of our high speed proprietary design expertise, FBAR technology, amplifier design, module integration, proprietary materials processes, multiple storage protocols and mixed-signal design, our broad product portfolio, support of key industry standards, reputation for quality products, and our customer relationships. 

In the infrastructure software market, we compete with large vendors of hardware and operating system software and cloud service providers, who continue to both expand their product and service offerings, and consolidate offerings into broad product lines. Our primary competitors are AppDynamics, Inc. (acquired by Cisco), Atlassian Corporation, Plc, BMC Software Inc., BeyondTrust, Compuware Corporation, CyberArk Software, Ltd., International Business Machines Corporation, Micro Focus International Plc, Microsoft Corporation, MuleSoft, Inc. (acquired by Salesforce.com, Inc.), New Relic, Inc., Oracle Corporation, SailPoint, Inc., ServiceNow, Inc., SolarWinds, Inc., Splunk, Inc. and VMware, Inc. We compete based on our breadth of portfolio of enterprise management tools, breadth and synergy of offerings, our platform and hardware independence, our global reach, and our deep customer relationships and industry experience. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and similar IP, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants, and through security measures to protect our trade secrets. We believe our current product expertise, key engineering talent and IP portfolio provide us with a strong platform from which to develop application specific products in key target markets. 

As of November 3, 2019 , we had 21,677 U.S. and other patents and 1,593 U.S. and other pending patent applications. Our research and development efforts presently result in approximately 100 new patent applications per year, relating to a wide range of ASIC, isolation, encoder, LED, RF and optoelectronic components, enterprise storage products, HDD silicon, PCIe, USB and other standard I/O devices, Ethernet and Fibre-Channel connectivity and controllers, set-top box SoCs, cable modem SoCs, broadband access SoCs, wireless connectivity SoCs, switching/routing SoCs, high performance processor SoCs, infrastructure software, and associated applications. The expiration dates of our patents range from 2019 to 2038 , with a small number of patents expiring in the near future, none of which are expected to be material to our IP portfolio. We are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. 

We focus our patent application program to a greater extent on those inventions and improvements that we believe are likely to be incorporated into our products, as contrasted with more basic research. However, we do not know how many of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or the extent to which the examination process could require us to narrow our claims. 

We and our predecessors have also entered into a variety of IP licensing and cross-licensing arrangements that have both benefited our business and enabled some of our competitors. A portion of our revenue comes from IP licensing royalty payments and from technology claim settlements relating to such IP. We also license third-party technologies that are incorporated into some elements of our design activities, products and manufacturing processes. Historically, licenses of the third-party technologies used by us have generally been available to us on acceptable terms. 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of IP rights, including by patent holding companies that do not make or sell products. Many of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party IP infringement claims. Claims of this sort could harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With respect to any IP rights claims against us or our customers or distributors, we may be required to cease manufacture of the infringing product, pay damages, expend resources to develop non-infringing technology, seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other IP rights. 

With respect to our infrastructure software, the source code for our products is protected both as a trade secret and as copyrighted work. Except with respect to software components that are subject to open source licenses, our customers do not generally have access to the source code for our products. Rather, on-premise customers typically access only the executable code for our products, and SaaS customers access only the functionality of our SaaS offerings. Under certain contingent circumstances, some of our customers are beneficiaries of a source code escrow arrangement that enables them to obtain a limited right to access our source code. 

Employees 

As of November 3, 2019 , we had approximately 19,000 employees worldwide. By geography, approximately 53% of our employees are located in North America, 35% in Asia, and 12% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In the U.S., none of our employees are represented by a labor union. A small number of our employees in other countries are represented by workers' councils or labor unions or are party to collective bargaining agreements. 

Environmental and Other Regulation 

Our semiconductor manufacturing operations and research and development involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health, safety and the environment. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water, and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also subject to regulation by the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar health and safety laws in other jurisdictions. 

We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental, health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur significant expenditures. 

We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements, including legislation enacted in the U.S., European Union and China, among a growing number of jurisdictions, which have placed greater restrictions on the use of lead, among other chemicals, in electronic products, which affects materials composition and semiconductor packaging. These laws are becoming more stringent and may in the future cause us to incur significant expenditures. 

Backlog 

Our semiconductor sales are generally made pursuant to short-term purchase orders. These purchase orders are made without deposits and may be, and often are, rescheduled, cancelled or modified on relatively short notice, without substantial penalty. In addition, our mainframe and enterprise software contracting model for the majority of our customers, which are for enterprise-wide licenses, provide for termination thereof by our customers at any time for any reason. As a result, we recognize revenue from these contracts ratably over time. Therefore, we believe that purchase orders or backlog are not necessarily a reliable indicator of future sales. 

Seasonality 

Historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half, primarily due to seasonality in our wireless communications products. These products have historically experienced seasonality due to launches of new mobile handsets manufactured by our OEM customers. However, from time to time, typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of significant product transitions and launches by large OEMs, particularly with our wireless communications products. We have a diversified business portfolio and we believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of this diversification. 

Other Information 

Broadcom was incorporated in Delaware in January 2018 and our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The address of our headquarters is 1320 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, California 95131, and our telephone number there is (408) 433-8000. Our website is www.broadcom.com. You may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other reports (and amendments thereto) filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;), as well as proxy statements filed by Broadcom, free of charge at the &#8220;Investor Center - SEC Filings&#8221; section of our website at www.broadcom.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are also available at the SEC&#8217;s website at http://www.sec.gov . The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on or accessible through our website. 

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

##TABLE_END Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock and preferred stock. The following important factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

The majority of our sales come from a small number of customers and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. 

We are dependent on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respective contract manufacturers, and certain distributors for a majority of our business, revenue and results of operations. For fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , sales to distributors accounted for 46% and 34% of our net revenue, respectively. Direct sales to WT Microelectronics accounted for 17% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2019 . We believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 30% and more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. We believe aggregate sales to Apple Inc., through all channels, accounted for approximately 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2019 and approximately 25% for fiscal year 2018 . This customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material, adverse developments experienced by our significant customers. 

In addition, our top customers&#8217; purchasing power has, in some cases, given them the ability to make greater demands on us with regard to pricing and contractual terms in general. We expect this trend to continue, which may adversely affect our gross margin on certain products and, should we fail to comply with such terms, might also result in substantial liability that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover, the terms and conditions under which we do business with most of our semiconductor customers generally do not include commitments by those customers to purchase any specific quantities of products from us. Even in those instances where we enter into an arrangement under which a customer agrees to source an agreed portion of its product needs from us (provided that we are able to meet specified development, supply and quality commitments), the arrangement often includes pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers may not purchase the amount of product we expect. As a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or the level of profitability we expect under such arrangements. If we do not perform under these arrangements, we could also be liable for significant monetary damages. In addition, we are selling an increasing amount of our semiconductor products through a limited number of distributors, which may expose us to additional customer concentration and related credit risks. 

The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes third-party wafer foundry and module assembly and test capabilities, referred to as contract manufacturers. Our semiconductor products require semiconductor wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular contract manufacturer. 

We depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. Although we often have long-term contracts with our contract manufacturers, we do not generally have long-term capacity commitments. We obtain substantially all of our manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and our contract manufacturers have no obligation to provide us with any specified minimum quantities of product. Further, from time to time, our contract manufacturers will cease to, or will become unable to, manufacture a component for us. As the lead time needed to identify, qualify and establish reliable production at acceptable yields, with a new contract manufacturer is typically lengthy, there is often no readily available alternative source for the wafers or other contract manufacturing services we require, and there may be other constraints on our ability to change contract manufacturers. In addition, qualifying such contract manufacturers is often expensive, and they may not produce products as cost-effectively as our current suppliers, which would reduce our margins. In any such circumstances, we may be unable to meet our customer demand and may fail to meet our contractual obligations. This could result in the payment of significant damages by us to our customers, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We utilize TSMC to produce the substantial majority of our semiconductor wafers. TSMC manufactured approximately 85% of the wafers manufactured by our contract manufacturers during fiscal year 2019 . Our wafer requirements represent a significant portion of the total production capacity of TSMC. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including certain of our competitors, and could choose to prioritize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice, or raise their prices to us, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and gross margin. 

Any substantial disruption in TSMC&#8217;s supply of wafers to us, or in the other contract manufacturing services that we utilize, as a result of a natural disaster, political unrest, military conflict, economic instability, equipment failure or other cause, could materially harm our business, customer relationships and results of operations. 

We also depend on our contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes, including, in the case of wafer fabrication, transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. If these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or to deliver products to our customers, which could result in loss of revenue opportunities and damage our relationships with our customers. 

We purchase a significant amount of the materials used in our products from a limited number of suppliers. 

Our manufacturing processes and those of our contract manufacturers rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide and indium phosphide wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. We purchase a significant portion of our semiconductor materials, components and finished goods used in our products from a few materials providers, some of which are single source suppliers. During the fiscal year 2019 , we purchased more than two-thirds of the materials for our manufacturing processes from five materials providers. Substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis, and we do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials providers. Suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to commodity price increases, capacity constraints or other factors, which may lead to interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. In the event that we cannot timely obtain sufficient quantities of materials or at reasonable prices, the quality of the material deteriorates or we are not able to pass on higher materials or energy costs to our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. 

A general slowdown in the global economy or in a particular region or industry, an increase in trade tensions with U.S. trading partners or a tightening of the credit markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and liquidity. Adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. In recent periods, investor and customer concerns about the global economic outlook have adversely affected market and business conditions in general. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast revenue, gross margin and expenses, and may make it more difficult to raise or refinance debt. An escalation of recent trade tensions between the U.S. and China has resulted in trade restrictions and increased tariffs that harm our ability to participate in Chinese markets or compete effectively with Chinese companies. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade. Such events may also (i) cause our customers and consumers to reduce, delay or forgo technology spending, (ii) result in customers sourcing products from other suppliers not subject to such restrictions or tariffs, (iii) lead to the insolvency or consolidation of key suppliers and customers, and (iv) intensify pricing pressures. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business and other factors related to our international operations. 

A majority of our products are produced, sourced and sold internationally and our international revenue represents a significant percentage of our overall revenue. In addition, as of November 3, 2019 , approximately 51% of our employees are located outside the U.S. Multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in political, regulatory, legal or economic conditions or geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups, or civil disturbances or political instability; 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

restrictive governmental actions, such as restrictions on the transfer or repatriation of funds and foreign investments, data privacy regulations and trade protection measures, including increasing protectionism, import/export restrictions, import/export duties and quotas, trade sanctions and customs duties and tariffs, all of which have increased under the current U.S. administration; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

difficulty in obtaining product distribution and support, and transportation delays; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

potential inability to localize software products for a significant number of international markets; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

difficulty in conducting due diligence with respect to business partners in certain international markets; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

public health or safety concerns; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

nationalization of businesses and expropriation of assets; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in tax laws. 

##TABLE_END A significant legal risk associated with conducting business internationally is compliance with the various and differing laws and regulations, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, of the countries in which we do business, antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, money-laundering regulations and export regulations. In addition, the laws in various countries are constantly evolving and may, in some cases, conflict with each other. Although our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and other policies prohibit us, our employees and our agents from engaging in unethical business practices, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, distributors or other agents will refrain from acting in violation of our related anti-corruption policies and procedures. Any such violation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of, and investment in, businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies, augment our market coverage, or enhance our technological capabilities, such as our recent acquisition of the Symantec Business. We may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to achieve these goals. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, or to consummate any such transactions. In addition, our original estimates and assumptions used in assessing any transaction may be inaccurate and we may not realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such transaction, including our recent acquisition of the Symantec Business. 

Any acquisitions we may undertake and their integration, including our recent acquisition of the Symantec Business, involve risks and uncertainties, such as: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

unexpected delays, challenges and related expenses, and disruption of our business; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

diversion of management&#8217;s attention from daily operations and the pursuit of other opportunities; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our ability to effectively identify and timely transfer acquired assets and liabilities; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the need to assign or novate acquired customer contracts; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our ability to identify and directly hire acquired company or business employees; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our ability to identify, manage and coordinate the performance of acquired company or business personnel providing services to us on a transitional basis or under third party transition services agreements; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

incurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense, assuming liabilities and ongoing lawsuits, potential impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing our expenses and working capital requirements; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

implementing our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls for the acquired operations; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our due diligence process may fail to identify significant issues with the acquired company&#8217;s products, financial disclosures, accounting practices, legal, tax and other contingencies, compliance with local laws and regulations (and interpretations thereof) in multiple international jurisdictions, as well as compliance with U.S. laws and regulations; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

additional acquisition-related debt, which could increase our leverage and potentially negatively affect our credit ratings resulting in more restrictive borrowing terms or increased borrowing costs thereby limiting our ability to borrow; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders. 

##TABLE_END

In addition, regulatory approvals required in connection with an acquisition, such as those from the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;), the European Commission Directorate-General for Competition or, where applicable, the China State Administration for Market Regulation, may take longer than anticipated to obtain, may not be obtained at all or may contain materially burdensome conditions. If any conditions or changes to the structure of an acquisition are required to obtain these regulatory approvals, they may have the effect of jeopardizing or delaying completion of such acquisition or reducing our anticipated benefits of the transaction. If we agree to any material conditions in order to obtain any such approvals or if we fail to comply with any such conditions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

These difficulties may be complicated by factors such as the size of the business or entity acquired, geographic and cultural differences, lack of experience operating in the industry or geographic markets of the acquired business, potential loss of key employees and customers, the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at the acquired or combined business, performance problems with the acquired business&#8217; technology, failure to realize the benefits of transition services arrangements, exposure to unanticipated liabilities of the acquired business, insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisition, adverse tax consequences and our potential inability to achieve the growth prospects or synergies expected from any such acquisition. 

If we fail to complete an announced acquisition, our stock price could fall to the extent the price reflects an assumption that such acquisition will be completed, and we may incur significant unrecoverable costs. Further, the failure to consummate an acquisition may result in negative publicity and adversely impact our relationships with our customers, vendors and employees. We may become subject to legal proceedings relating to the acquisition and the integration of acquired businesses may not be successful. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquired businesses, achieve anticipated levels of profitability of the acquired business, improve margins of the acquired businesses and products, or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition could materially harm our business, operating results and margins. 

From time to time, we may also seek to divest or wind down portions of our business, either acquired or otherwise, or we may exit minority investments, each of which could materially affect our cash flows and results of operations. Any future dispositions we may make could involve risks and uncertainties, including our ability to sell such businesses on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any such dispositions could result in disruption to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers, or exposure to unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to us following any such dispositions. For example, in connection with such dispositions, we often enter into transition services agreements or other strategic relationships, including long-term research and development arrangements and sales arrangements, or agree to provide certain indemnities to the purchaser, which may result in additional expenses and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, dispositions may include the transfer of technology and/or the licensing of certain IP rights to third-party purchasers, which could limit our ability to utilize such IP rights or assert these rights against such third-party purchasers or other third parties. 

Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to cease the manufacture and distribution of certain products, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

Our business is subject to various international laws and other legal requirements, including packaging, product content, labor and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders, and many of our semiconductor products are regulated or sold into regulated industries. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified under the current U.S. administration, especially in light of recent trade tensions with China. We may be required to incur significant expense to comply with, or to remedy violations of, these regulations. In addition, if our customers fail to comply with these regulations, we may be required to suspend sales to these customers, which could damage our reputation and negatively impact our results of operations. For example, on May 15, 2019, the U.S. Department of Commerce added Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., one of our customers, to its &#8220;Entity List&#8221; and placed certain export restrictions on Huawei and its suppliers, which required us to suspend certain sales to Huawei during the pendency of such restrictions and which has had a corresponding adverse effect on our revenue. 

In addition, the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors must comply with various laws and adapt to changes in regulatory requirements as they occur. For example, if a country in which our products are manufactured or sold sets technical standards that are not widely shared, it may require us to stop distributing our products commercially until they comply with such new standards, lead certain of our customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require manufacturers in that country to manufacture products with different technical standards and disrupt cross-border manufacturing relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could also be required to pay civil penalties or face criminal prosecution. In addition, it is expected that the current U.S. administration&#8217;s trade policy will promote U.S. manufacturing and 

manufacturers. It is unclear what effect this will have on us as a multinational company that conducts business world-wide, or on our suppliers, customers, contract manufacturers and OEMs. 

Our products and operations are also subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Standards Organization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the FTC. If we fail to adequately address any of these rules or regulations, our business could be harmed. 

We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. 

We sell our products through a direct sales force and a select network of distributors and other channel partners globally. Sales to distributors accounted for 46% of our net revenue in fiscal year 2019 and are subject to a number of risks, including: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

fluctuations in demand based on our distributors&#8217; product inventory levels and end customer demand in a given quarter; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our distributors and other channel partners are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our distributors and other channel partners agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our lack of control over the timing of delivery of our products to end customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our distributors and other channel partners may market and distribute competing products and may, from time to time, place greater emphasis on the sale of these products due to pricing, promotions and other terms offered by our competitors; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

dependence on a limited number of semiconductor distributors may exacerbate the foregoing risks and increase our related credit risk. 

##TABLE_END One of our significant distributors, Tech Data Corporation, recently agreed to be acquired by a private equity firm, which may result in a change in their operations, business focus and financial capacity. If and when completed, this could adversely affect our relationship with, and ability to sell products to, them. 

We do not always have a direct relationship with the end customers of our products. As a result, our semiconductor products may be used in applications for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, including, for example, medical devices, and they may not perform as anticipated in such applications. In such event, failure of even a small number of parts could result in significant liabilities to us, damage our reputation and harm our business and results of operations. 

Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team. 

Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and in particular, the services of Mr. Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Effective succession planning is also important for our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfers of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. None of our senior management is bound by written employment contracts. In addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. 

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our engineering and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. 

Our future success depends on our ability to retain, attract and motivate qualified personnel. We also seek to acquire talented engineering and technical personnel (including cybersecurity experts), as well as effective sales professionals, through acquisitions we may make from time to time or otherwise. We have historically encountered some difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified engineers, particularly in Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia where qualified engineers are in high demand. In addition, current or future immigration laws may make it more difficult to hire or retain qualified engineers, further limiting the pool of available talent. Further, our employees, including employees whom we have retained as a result of an acquisition, may decide not to continue working for us and may leave with little or no notice. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel are a significant asset. We have granted multi-year equity awards to most of our employees. These awards approximate four consecutive annual grants that vest in four tranches with successive four-year vesting periods. While we believe these awards provide a powerful long-term retention incentive to employees, we may be incorrect in this assumption, particularly if there is a material and persistent decline in the price of our stock. In addition, we may be unable to obtain required stockholder approvals of future equity compensation plans. As a result, we may be limited in granting equity-based incentives and may impair our efforts to attract and retain necessary 

personnel. Any inability to retain, attract or motivate such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be involved in legal proceedings, including IP, anti-competition and securities litigation, employee-related claims and regulatory investigations, which could, among other things, divert efforts of management and result in significant expense and loss of our IP rights. 

We are often involved in legal proceedings, including cases involving our IP rights and those of others, anti-competition and commercial matters, acquisition-related suits, securities class action suits, employee-related claims and other actions. Some of these actions may seek injunctive relief, including injunctions or exclusion orders against the sale of our products and substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we may also be involved or required to participate in regulatory investigations or inquiries, such as the ongoing investigations by the FTC and the European Commission into certain of our contracting practices, which may evolve into legal or other administrative proceedings. Litigation or settlement of such actions, regardless of their merit, or involvement in regulatory investigations or inquiries, can be complex, can extend for a protracted period of time, can divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, and is frequently costly, with the related expenditures unpredictable. An unfavorable resolution of a governmental investigation may include, among others, fines or other orders to disgorge profits or make other payments, and/or the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or modify our contracting practices, any or all of which could materially adversely affect our reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The industries in which we operate are characterized by companies holding large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of IP rights, including actions by patent-holding companies that do not make or sell products. From time to time, third parties assert against us and our customers and distributors their patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other IP rights to technologies that are important to our business. 

Many of our customer agreements, and in some cases our asset sale agreements, and/or the laws of certain jurisdictions may require us to indemnify our customers or purchasers for third-party IP infringement claims, including costs to defend those claims, and payment of damages in the case of adverse rulings. However, our contract manufacturers and suppliers may or may not be required to indemnify us should we or our customers be subject to such third-party claims. Claims of this sort could also harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. We do not know whether we will prevail in such proceedings, given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in IP litigation. If any pending or future proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

cease the manufacture, use or sale of the infringing products, processes or technology and/or make changes to our processes or products; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

pay substantial damages for past, present and future use of the infringing technology; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

license technology from the third-party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

enter into cross-licenses with our competitors, which could weaken our overall IP portfolio and our ability to compete in particular product categories; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

indemnify our customers or distributors and/or recall, or accept the return of, infringing products; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

pay substantial damages to our direct or end customers to discontinue use or replace infringing technology with non-infringing technology; or 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

relinquish IP rights associated with one or more of our patent claims, if such claims are held invalid or otherwise unenforceable. 

##TABLE_END Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, we may be obligated to indemnify our current or former directors or employees, or former directors or employees of companies that we have acquired, in connection with litigation or regulatory investigations. These liabilities could be substantial and may include, among other things, the cost of defending lawsuits against these individuals, as well as stockholder derivative suits; the cost of government, law enforcement or regulatory investigations; civil or criminal fines and penalties; legal and other expenses; and expenses associated with the remedial measure, if any, which may be imposed. 

Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations. 

Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations may occur on a quarterly and annual basis and are due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

customer concentration and the gain or loss of significant customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the timing of launches by our customers of new products, such as mobile handsets, in which our products are included and changes in end-user demand for the products manufactured and sold by our customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in our product mix or customer mix and their effect on our gross margin; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the timing of receipt, reduction or cancellation of significant product orders by customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the timing of new software contracts and renewals, as well as the timing of any terminations of software contracts that require us to refund to customers any pre-paid amounts under the contract, which may adversely affect our cash flows; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

fluctuations in the levels of component or product inventories held by our customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

utilization of our internal manufacturing facilities and fluctuations in manufacturing yields; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our ability to successfully and timely integrate, and realize the benefits of acquisitions we may make and the timing of acquisitions or dispositions of, or making and exiting investments in, other entities, businesses or technologies; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and technologies on a timely basis; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the timing and extent of our software license and subscription revenue, and other non-product revenue, such as product development revenue and royalty and other payments from IP sales and licensing arrangements; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

new product announcements and introductions by us or our competitors; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

seasonality or other fluctuations in demand in our markets; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

IP disputes and associated litigation expense; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

timing and amount of research and development and related new product expenditures, and the timing of receipt of any research and development grant monies; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

significant warranty claims, including those not covered by our suppliers or our insurers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

availability and cost of raw materials and components from our suppliers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

timing of any regulatory changes, particularly with respect to trade sanctions and customs duties and tariffs, and tax reform; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in taxation of international businesses, which could increase our overall cash tax costs; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in our tax structure or incentive arrangements, which may adversely affect our net tax expense and our cash flow in any quarter in which such an event occurs; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

loss of key personnel or the shortage of available skilled workers; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products. 

##TABLE_END The foregoing factors are often difficult to predict, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly or annual operating results. In addition, a significant amount of our operating expenses are relatively fixed in nature due to our significant sales, research and development, and internal manufacturing overhead expenses. Any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify the adverse impact of such revenue shortfall on our results of operations. As a result, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and operating results may not be meaningful or a reliable indicator of our future performance. If our operating results in one or more future quarters fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, a significant decline in the trading price of our common stock may occur, which may happen immediately or over time. 

Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, levels of reliance on contract manufacturing and outsourcing, internal fabrication utilization and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer requirements. Factors that can impact our ability to accurately estimate future customer requirements include the short-term nature of many customers&#8217; commitments, our customers&#8217; ability to reschedule, cancel and modify orders with little or no notice and without significant penalty, the accuracy of our customers&#8217; forecasts and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for our customers&#8217; products, as well as seasonal or cyclical trends in their industries or the semiconductor industry. 

To ensure the availability of our semiconductor products, particularly for our largest customers, we typically start manufacturing our relevant products based on our customers&#8217; forecasts, which are not binding. As a result, we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales that may never materialize or that may be substantially lower than expected. If actual demand for our products is lower than forecast, we may also experience higher inventory carrying and operating costs and product obsolescence. Because certain of our sales, research and development, and internal manufacturing overhead expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand may also decrease our gross margin and operating income. 

Conversely, customers often require rapid increases in production on short notice. We may be unable to secure sufficient materials or contract manufacturing capacity to meet such increases in demand. This could damage our customer relationships, reduce revenue growth and margins, subject us to additional liabilities, harm our reputation, and prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities. 

We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change and price erosion, evolving technical standards, frequent new product introductions, short product life cycles (for semiconductors and for many of the end products in which they are used) and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. From time to time, these factors, together with changes in general economic conditions, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry in general, and in our business in particular. Periods of industry downturns have been characterized by diminished demand for end-user products, high inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment, under-utilization of manufacturing capacity, changes in revenue mix and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. We expect our business to continue to be subject to cyclical downturns even when overall economic conditions are relatively stable. If we cannot offset industry or market downturns, our net revenue may decline and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. 

Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as &#8220;design wins&#8221;. These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. This can result in lost revenue and can weaken our position in future competitive bid selection processes. 

Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer or that we will realize as much revenue as anticipated, if any. A delay or cancellation of a customer&#8217;s plans could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we incur significant expense in the design process and may generate little or no revenue from it. In addition, the timing of design wins is unpredictable and implementing production for a major design win, or multiple design wins occurring at the same time, may strain our resources and those of our contract manufacturers. In such event, we may be forced to dedicate significant additional resources and incur additional, unanticipated costs and expenses. Often customers will only purchase limited numbers of evaluation units from us until they qualify the products and/or the manufacturing line for those products. The qualification process can take significant time and resources and we may not always be able to satisfy customers&#8217; qualification requirements. Delays in qualification or failure to qualify our products may cause a customer to discontinue use of our products and result in a significant loss of revenue. Finally, customers could choose at any time to stop using our products or could fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products, and cause us to hold excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are exacerbated by the fact that many of our products, and the end products into which our products are incorporated, often have very short life cycles. 

Competition in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue. 

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements, often aggressive pricing practices and, in some cases, new delivery 

methods. We expect competition in these industries to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings or as new competitors enter our markets. 

In addition, the competitive landscape is changing in these industries as a result of a trend toward consolidation. Some of our direct competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors. We expect this consolidation trend to continue, which may result in the combined competitors having greater manufacturing, distribution, financial, research and development or marketing resources than us. In addition, some of our competitors may also receive financial and other support from their home country government or may have a greater presence in key markets, a larger customer base or more comprehensive IP portfolio and patent protection than us. 

We compete with integrated device manufacturers and fabless semiconductor companies, as well as the internal resources of large, integrated OEMs. Because our products are often building block semiconductors, providing functions that in some cases can be integrated into more complex integrated circuits (&#8220;ICs&#8221;), we also face competition from manufacturers of ICs, as well as customers that may develop their own IC products. Our competitors in these markets range from large, international companies offering a wide range of semiconductor products and devices to smaller companies specializing in niche markets and new technologies. 

Our competitors also include large vendors of hardware and operating system software and cloud service providers. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of customers in any particular market, larger technical staffs, more established relationships with hardware vendors, or greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us. We also face competition from numerous start-ups and smaller companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly fragmented software industry, open source authors who may provide software and intellectual property for free, competitors who may offer their products through try-and-buy or freemium models, and customers who may develop competing products. 

The actions of our competitors, in the areas of pricing and product bundling in particular, could have a substantial adverse impact on us. Further, competitors may leverage their IP or other proprietary information, including interface or interoperability information, in new and emerging technologies and platforms that may inhibit our ability to compete effectively. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose market share for our products or incur significant reduction in our gross margins, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities or other significant operations, or those of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilities, in particular in Fort Collins, Colorado, Singapore, and Breinigsville, Pennsylvania. We use these internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, in order to protect our IP, to accelerate time to market of our products and to ensure supply of certain components. Our Fort Collins and Breinigsville facilities are the sole sources for the film bulk acoustic resonator components used in many of our wireless devices and for the indium phosphide-based wafers used in our fibre optics products, respectively. Many of our facilities, and those of our contract manufacturers and suppliers, are located in California and the Pacific Rim region, which has above average seismic activity and severe weather activity. In addition, our research and development personnel are primarily concentrated in China, Czech Republic, India, Israel, Malaysia, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Colorado, California and Pennsylvania, with the expertise of the personnel at each such location tending to be focused on one or two specific areas. 

A prolonged disruption at one or more of our manufacturing facilities for any reason, especially our Colorado, Singapore and Pennsylvania facilities, or those of our contract manufacturers or suppliers, due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as equipment malfunction or widespread outbreaks of acute illness at one or more of these facilities, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development until a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found. Any such event would likely disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers resulting in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities, and, in some instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or target market. As a result, we could forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share, damage our customer relationships and be subject to litigation and additional liabilities, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business. Although we purchase insurance to mitigate certain losses, such insurance often carries a high deductible amount and any uninsured losses could negatively affect our operating results. In addition, even if we were able to promptly resume production of our affected products, if our customers cannot timely resume their own manufacturing following such an event, they may cancel or scale back their orders from us and this may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. Such events could also result in increased fixed costs relative to the revenue we generate and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We must maintain appropriate capacity at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand for our proprietary products. From time to time, this requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities, which often involves substantial cost and other risks, such as delays in completion. Such expanded manufacturing capacity may still be insufficient, or may not come online soon enough, to meet customer demand and we may have to put customers on product allocation, forgo sales or lose customers as a result. Conversely, if we overestimate customer demand, we would experience excess capacity and fixed costs at these facilities, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems and personnel, and outsourced services for, among other things, financial reporting and product orders and shipments. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services on a timely and effective basis and to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. Services provided by these third parties include certain services related to shipping, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development and network monitoring. While we may be entitled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, we may be unable to collect on any award of damages and any award may be insufficient to cover the actual costs we may incur as a result of a vendor&#8217;s failure to perform under its agreement with us. Upon expiration or termination of any of our third-party vendor agreements we may not be able to timely replace the vendor on terms and conditions, including service levels and costs, which are favorable to us. In addition, a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete. 

Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and other information on a timely and accurate basis. 

Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, level of capacity utilization and commodity prices. 

Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets. A shift in sales mix away from our higher margin products, as well as the timing and amount of our software licensing and non-product revenue, could adversely affect our future gross margin percentages. In addition, increased competition and the existence of product alternatives, more complex engineering requirements, lower demand or reductions in our technological lead compared to our competitors, and other factors may lead to further price erosion, lower revenue and lower margin for us in the future. 

Our gross margin may also be adversely affected by expenses related to the acquisitions of businesses, such as amortization of intangible assets and restructuring and impairment charges. Furthermore, businesses or companies that we acquire may have different gross margin profiles than us and could, therefore, also affect our overall gross margin. 

In addition, semiconductor manufacturing requires significant capital investment, leading to high fixed costs, including depreciation expense. If we are unable to utilize our owned manufacturing facilities at a high level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities, such as depreciation expense, will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and a lower gross margin. Furthermore, fluctuations in commodity prices, either directly in the price of the raw materials we buy, or as a result of price increases passed on to us by our suppliers, could negatively impact our margins. We do not hedge our exposure to commodity prices, some of which (including gold and fuel prices) are very volatile, and sudden or prolonged increases in commodities prices may adversely affect our gross margin. 

We utilize a significant amount of IP in our business. If we are unable or fail to protect our IP, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends in part upon protecting our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants. We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our IP rights, including unauthorized use of our products, the usage rates of the software seat licenses and subscriptions that we sell, and even with significant expenditures we may not be able to protect the IP rights that are valuable to our business. We are unable to predict or assure that: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the IP rights that we presently employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, or, in the case of third-party IP rights licensed to us, be licensed to others; 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our IP rights will provide competitive advantages to us; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

rights previously granted by third parties to IP licensed or assigned to us, including portfolio cross-licenses, will not hamper our ability to assert our IP rights against potential competitors or hinder the settlement of currently pending or future disputes; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

any of our pending or future patent, trademark or copyright applications will be issued or have the coverage originally sought; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our IP rights will be enforced in certain jurisdictions where competition may be intense or where legal protection may be weak; or 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

we have sufficient IP rights to protect our products or our business. 

##TABLE_END In addition, our competitors or others may develop products or technologies that are similar or superior to our products or technologies, duplicate our products or technologies or design around our protected technologies. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or more limited in other jurisdictions, relative to those protections available in the U.S., and may not be applied for or may be abandoned in one or more relevant jurisdictions. We may elect to abandon or divest patents or otherwise not pursue prosecution of certain pending patent applications, due to strategic concerns or other factors. In addition, when patents expire, we lose the protection and competitive advantages they provided to us. 

We also generate some of our revenue from licensing royalty payments and from technology claim settlements relating to certain of our IP. Licensing of our IP rights, particularly exclusive licenses, may limit our ability to assert those IP rights against third parties, including the licensee of those rights. In addition, we may acquire companies with IP that is subject to licensing obligations to other third parties. These licensing obligations may extend to our own IP following any such acquisition and may limit our ability to assert our IP rights. From time to time, we pursue litigation to assert our IP rights, including, in some cases, against third parties with whom we have ongoing relationships, such as customers and suppliers. Claims of this sort could also harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. Conversely, third parties may pursue IP litigation against us, including as a result of our IP licensing business. An adverse decision in such types of legal action could limit our ability to assert our IP rights and limit the value of our technology, including the loss of opportunities to sell or license our technology to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our IP against others. In addition, such legal actions or adverse decisions could otherwise negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From time to time, we may need to obtain additional IP licenses or renew existing license agreements. We are unable to predict whether these license agreements can be obtained or renewed on acceptable terms or at all. 

If our software products do not remain compatible with ever-changing operating environments, platforms, or third-party products, demand for our products and services could decrease, which could materially adversely affect our business. 

The largest suppliers of systems and computing software are, in most cases, the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of our customers, particularly in the mainframe space. These companies periodically modify or introduce new operating systems, systems software and computer hardware, which could require substantial modification of our products to maintain compatibility with these companies&#8217; hardware or software. Additionally, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments, such as the emergence of advanced persistent threats in the security space to compete effectively. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current solutions do not have. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products in response to these developments. 

Further, our software solutions interact with a variety of software and hardware developed by third parties. If we lose access to third-party code and specifications for the development of code, this could negatively impact our ability to develop compatible software. In addition, if software providers and hardware manufacturers, including some of our largest vendors, adopt new policies restricting the use or availability of their code or technical documentation for their operating systems, applications, or hardware, or otherwise impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access, this could result in higher research and development costs for the enhancement and modification of our existing products or development of new products. Any additional restrictions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flow. 

Failure to enter into software license agreements on a satisfactory basis could materially adversely affect our business. 

Many of our existing customers have multi-year enterprise license agreements, some of which involve substantial aggregate fee amounts. These customers have no contractual obligation to purchase additional solutions. Customer renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of customer satisfaction with our solutions or customer support, customer budgets and the pricing of our solutions as compared with the solutions offered by our 

competitors, any of which may cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected, if at all. The failure to renew customer agreements of similar scope, on terms that are commercially attractive to us, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flow. 

Our sales to government clients subject us to uncertainties regarding fiscal funding approvals, renegotiations or terminations at the discretion of the government, as well as audits and investigations, which could result in litigation, penalties and sanctions including early termination, suspension and debarment. 

Our multi-year contracts signed with the U.S. federal government and other U.S. state and local government agencies are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval and may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of the government. Termination, renegotiation or the lack of funding approval for a contract could adversely affect our sales, revenue and reputation. Additionally, our government contracts are generally subject to certain requirements, some of which are generally not present in commercial contracts and/or may be complex, as well as to audits and investigations. Failure to meet contractual requirements could result in various civil and criminal actions and penalties, and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with the government and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 

Certain software that we use in our products is licensed from third parties and may not be available to us in the future, which may delay product development and production or cause us to incur additional expense. 

Some of our solutions contain software licensed from third parties, some of which may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable to us or allow our products to remain competitive. The loss of these licenses or the inability to maintain any of them on commercially acceptable terms could delay development of future products or the enhancement of existing products. 

Certain software we use is from open source code sources, which, under certain circumstances could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 

Some of our products contain software from open source code sources, the use of which may subject us to certain conditions, including the obligation to offer such products for no cost or to make the proprietary source code of those products publicly available. Further, although some open source vendors provide warranty and support agreements, it is common for such software to be available &#8220;as-is&#8221; with no warranty, indemnity or support. Although we monitor our use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to unintended conditions, such use, under certain circumstances, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flow, including if we are required to take remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts. 

We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. 

From time to time, we may be subject to warranty or product liability claims that may in the future lead to significant expense. Our customer contracts typically contain warranty and indemnification provisions, and in certain cases may also contain liquidated damages provisions, relating to product quality issues. The potential liabilities associated with such provisions are significant, and in some cases, including in agreements with some of our largest customers, are potentially unlimited. Any such liabilities may greatly exceed any revenue we receive from the relevant products. Costs, payments or damages incurred or paid by us in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be exposed to such claims as a result of any acquisition we may undertake in the future. 

Product liability insurance is subject to significant deductibles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims, or we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. For example, it is possible for one of our customers to recall a product containing one of our semiconductor devices. In such an event, we may incur significant costs and expenses, including among others, replacement costs, contract damage claims from our customers and reputational harm. Although we maintain reserves for reasonably estimable liabilities and purchase product liability insurance, our reserves may be inadequate to cover the uninsured portion of such claims. Conversely, in some cases, amounts we reserve may ultimately exceed our actual liability for particular claims and may need to be reversed. 

The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. 

Highly complex products, such as those we offer, may contain defects and bugs when they are first introduced or as new versions, software documentation or enhancements are released, or their release may be delayed due to unforeseen difficulties during product development. If any of our products, including the products of companies we have acquired, or third-party components used in our products, contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems, we 

may not be able to successfully design workarounds. Furthermore, if any of these problems are not discovered until after we have commenced commercial production of or deployed a new product, we may be required to incur additional development costs and product recall, repair or replacement costs. Significant technical challenges also arise with our software products because our customers license and deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and integrate them with a number of third party software applications and databases. As a result, if there is system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which product is at fault and we could ultimately be harmed by the failure of another supplier&#8217;s product. Consequently, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. To resolve these problems, we may have to invest significant capital and other resources. These problems may also result in claims against us by our customers or others. For example, if a delay in the manufacture and delivery of our products causes the delay of a customer&#8217;s end-product delivery, we may be required, under the terms of our agreement with that customer, to compensate the customer for the adverse effects of such delays. In addition, if an actual or perceived breach of information integrity, security, or availability occurs in one of our end-user customer&#8217;s systems, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our solutions could be harmed. These problems may divert our technical and other resources from other development efforts, and we would likely lose, or experience a delay in, market acceptance of the affected product or products. As a result, our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 

We make substantial investments in research and development to enhance existing and develop new technologies to keep pace with technological advances and to remain competitive in our business, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles and evolving industry standards, new delivery methods and require substantial investment in our research and development in order to develop and bring to market new and enhanced technologies and products. In addition, semiconductor products transition over time to increasingly smaller line width geometries. This requires us to adapt our products and manufacturing processes to these new technologies, which requires expertise in new procedures. Our failure to successfully transition to smaller geometry process technologies could impair our competitive position. In order to remain competitive, we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development. We expect the dollar amount of research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. If we fail to develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely adopted, or if new competitive technologies that we do not support become widely accepted, demand for our products may be reduced. Significant investments in unsuccessful research and development efforts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased investments in research and development could cause our cost structure to fall out of alignment with demand for our products, which would have a negative impact on our financial results. 

We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. 

We collect, use and store (collectively, &#8220;process&#8221;) a high volume, variety and velocity of certain personal information in connection with the operation of our business, particularly in relation to our Symantec Business. The personal information we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local, and foreign laws regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such obligations may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines or litigation and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

Privacy legislation, enforcement and policy activity in this area are expanding rapidly in many jurisdictions and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. The cost of complying with and implementing these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. In addition, even our inadvertent failure or perceived failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, and substantial fines and damages. The theft, loss or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. 

Further, to ensure that its products are continually enhanced to protect against constantly evolving, increasingly sophisticated and wide-spread cyber-threats, NortonLifeLock Inc. relied on threat intelligence gathered from both its consumer business and the Symantec Business. We and NortonLifeLock Inc. have agreed to continue sharing threat intelligence relating to the Symantec Business and the NortonLifeLock Inc. consumer business, respectively, following the closing of the transaction. Failure to continue to receive such threat intelligence could cause the Symantec Business products to become less effective and adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws, which could increase our costs, restrict our operations and require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to a variety of international laws and regulations relating to the use, disposal, clean-up of and human exposure to, hazardous materials. Compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements could, among other things, require us to modify our manufacturing processes, restrict our ability to expand our facilities, or require us to acquire pollution control equipment, all of which can be very costly. Any failure by us to comply with such requirements could result in the limitation or suspension of the manufacture of our products and could result in litigation against us and the payment of significant fines and damages by us in the event of a significant adverse judgment. In addition, complying with any cleanup or remediation obligations for which we are or become responsible could be costly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changing requirements relating to the materials composition of our semiconductor products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other substances in electronics that apply to specified electronics products sold in various countries, including the U.S., China, Japan, and in the European Union, increase the complexity and costs of our product design and procurement operations and may require us to re-engineer our products. Such re-engineering may result in excess inventory or other additional costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may also experience claims from employees from time to time with regard to exposure to hazardous materials or other workplace related environmental claims. 

Social and environmental responsibility regulations, policies and provisions, as well as customer demand, may make our supply chain more complex and may adversely affect our relationships with customers. 

There is an increasing focus on corporate social and environmental responsibility in the semiconductor industry, particularly with OEMs that manufacture consumer electronics. A number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions in their procurement terms and conditions. An increasing number of participants in the semiconductor industry are also joining voluntary social responsibility initiatives such as the U.N. Global Compact, a voluntary initiative for businesses to develop, implement and disclose sustainability policies and practices. These social and environmental responsibility provisions and initiatives are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain and our significant outsourced manufacturing. If we are unable to comply, or are unable to cause our suppliers or contract manufacturers to comply, with such policies or provisions, a customer may stop purchasing products from us, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. 

In addition, as part of their corporate social and environmental responsibility programs, an increasing number of OEMs are seeking to source products that do not contain minerals sourced from areas where proceeds from the sale of such minerals are likely to be used to fund armed conflicts, such as in the Democratic Republic of Congo. This could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices, including our products. Since our supply chain is complex, we are not currently able to definitively ascertain the origins of all of the minerals and metals used in our products. As a result, we may face difficulties in satisfying these customers&#8217; demands, which may harm our sales and operating results. 

The average selling prices of semiconductor products in our markets have often decreased rapidly and may do so in the future, which could harm our revenue and gross profit. 

The semiconductor products we develop and sell are used for high volume applications. As a result, the prices of those products have often decreased rapidly. Gross profit on our products may be negatively affected by, among other things, pricing pressures from our customers. In the past, we have reduced the average selling prices of our products in anticipation of future competitive pricing pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors and other factors. In addition, some of our customer agreements provide for volume-based pricing and product pricing roadmaps, which can also reduce the average selling prices of our products over time. Our margins and financial results will suffer if we are unable to offset any reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volumes, reducing manufacturing costs, or developing new and higher value-added products on a timely basis. 

A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and protect our customers&#8217;, suppliers&#8217; and employees&#8217; confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information. However, we are also dependent on a number of third-party cloud-based and other service providers of critical corporate infrastructure services relating to, among other things, human resources, electronic communication services and certain finance functions, and we are, out of necessity, dependent on the security systems of these providers. 

Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties or our employees or contractors of our facilities, our information systems or the systems of our cloud-based or other service providers, or the existence of computer viruses or malware in our or their data or software could expose us to a risk of information loss and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, including information relating to our products or customers and the personal information of our employees. In addition, we have, from time to time, also been subject to unauthorized network intrusions and malware on our own IT networks. 

Certain of our software products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cybersecurity attacks. Open source code or other third-party software used in these products could also be targeted. Additionally, we use third-party data centers, including for part of our SaaS business, which may also be subject to hacking incidents. Although we continually seek to improve our countermeasures to prevent such incidents, we may be unable to anticipate every scenario and it is possible that certain cyber threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack on us and our customers. Cybersecurity attacks could require significant expenditures of our capital and diversion of our resources. Additionally, efforts by malicious cyber actors or others could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our product licensing, or modification of our software, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers. A successful cybersecurity attack involving our products and IT infrastructure could also negatively impact the market perception of their effectiveness. 

Any theft or misuse of confidential, personally identifiable or proprietary information could disrupt our business and result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of our trade secrets and other competitive information, difficulty in marketing our products, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties and possible financial obligations for liabilities and damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, as well as fines and other sanctions resulting from any related breaches of data privacy regulations (such as the General Data Protection Regulation), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and financial condition. Interruptions in our operations and services or disruptions to the functionality provided by our software, including the operation of our global civilian cyber intelligence threat network, could adversely impact our revenues or cause customers to cease doing business with us. In addition, our business would be harmed if any of the events of this nature caused our customers and potential customers to believe our services are unreliable. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. Since the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems or to otherwise sabotage them, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

We are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis and any adverse findings from such assessment could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, significant expense to remediate any internal control deficiencies and ultimately have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We are required to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Even though, as of November 3, 2019 , we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective, we need to maintain our processes and systems and adapt them as our business grows and changes, including to reflect our integration of the Symantec Business, as well as any future acquisitions we may undertake. This continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive, time consuming and requires significant management attention. We cannot be certain that our internal control measures will continue to provide adequate control over our financial processes and reporting and ensure compliance with Section 404. Furthermore, as we grow our business or acquire other businesses, our internal controls may become more complex and we may require significantly more resources to ensure they remain effective. Failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of such controls, either in our existing business or in businesses that we acquire, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify material weaknesses in our internal controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, may cause investors to lose confidence in our financial statements and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 

Remediation of a material weakness could require us to incur significant expenses and if we fail to remedy any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required to restate our financial statements, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, our access to the capital markets may be restricted, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, including the SEC or The Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial reporting standards, especially concerning revenue recognition, may negatively impact our financial results. 

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting standards promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying those standards in our accounting policies. New standards, changes to existing standards and changes in their interpretation, have required and, in the future, may require us to change our accounting policies and procedures, or implement new or enhance existing systems. For example, ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;) became effective for us starting with fiscal year 2019. In connection with the CA Merger and our changes to CA&#8217;s business strategy, including our adoption of a policy that allows customers to terminate their CA software contracts for convenience, we have been required to establish revenue recognition accounting policies and procedures under Topic 606 that we believe are appropriate for the business as we intend to conduct it. While we believe our policies and procedures are reasonable and appropriate, they are based on methods, estimates and judgments that are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes that could adversely affect our reported financial position and financial results. 

Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could result in losses. 

We operate global businesses and our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars. However, some of the revenue and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries are denominated in local currencies. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates against the U.S. dollar could result in substantial changes in reported revenues and operating results due to the foreign exchange impact of translating these transactions into U.S. dollars. 

In the normal course of business, we employ various hedging strategies to partially mitigate these risks, including the use of derivative instruments. These strategies may not be effective in protecting us against the effects of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could result in financial losses. 

The enactment of legislation implementing changes in taxation of international business activities, the adoption of other corporate tax reform policies, or changes in tax legislation or policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 

Corporate tax reform, base-erosion efforts and tax transparency continue to be high priorities in many tax jurisdictions where we have business operations. As a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes in numerous jurisdictions are under heightened scrutiny and tax reform legislation is being proposed or enacted in a number of jurisdictions. For example, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;2017 Tax Reform Act&#8221;) adopted broad U.S. corporate income tax reform, which among other things, reduced the U.S. corporate income tax rate, but imposed base-erosion prevention measures on earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. entities as well as the transition tax on mandatory deemed repatriation of accumulated non-U.S. earnings of U.S. controlled foreign corporations. 

In addition, many countries are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development&#8217;s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations and action plan that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer pricing documentation rules, and nexus-based tax incentive practices. As a result of the heightened scrutiny of corporate taxation policies, prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to enforcement activities, and legislative investigation and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax policies or prior tax rulings. Any such changes in policies or rulings may also result in the taxes we previously paid being subject to change. 

Any substantial changes in domestic or international corporate tax policies, regulations or guidance, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives may materially adversely affect our business, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our financial condition and results of operations generally. 

If the tax incentives or tax holiday arrangements we have negotiated in Singapore and other jurisdictions change or cease to be in effect or applicable, in part or in whole, for any reason, or if our assumptions and interpretations regarding tax laws and incentives or holiday arrangements prove to be incorrect, the amount of corporate income taxes we have to pay could significantly increase. 

Our operations are currently structured to benefit from the various tax incentives and tax holidays extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. For example, our principal tax incentives from the Singapore Economic Development Board, an agency of the Government of Singapore, provides that any qualifying income we earn in Singapore is subject to tax incentives or reduced rates of Singapore income tax. Absent these tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate that would otherwise apply to our Singapore taxable income would be 17%. These Singapore tax incentives are expected to expire in November 2025, subject to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain, and any subsequent changes in incentive scope or legislative developments. We also have a tax holiday on our qualifying income in Malaysia, which is scheduled to expire in fiscal year 2028. The tax incentives and tax holiday that we have obtained are also 

subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions and may, in some instances, be amended or terminated prior to their scheduled termination date by the relevant governmental authority. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive or tax holiday, we could, in some instances, be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits, or if such tax incentive or tax holiday is terminated prior to its expiration absent a new incentive applying, we will lose the related tax benefits earlier than scheduled. Depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy in order to keep the incentive, which may not be as beneficial to us as the present structure or tax strategy. Our tax incentives and tax holiday, before taking into consideration the effects of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and other indirect tax provisions, increased the benefit from income taxes by approximately $923 million in the aggregate and increased diluted net income per share by $2.20 for fiscal year 2019. 

Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded, we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. 

Our provision for income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors, including reorganizations or restructurings of our businesses or assets, jurisdictional revenue mix and changes in tax regulations or policy, and may be further impacted by corporate transactions, all of which could materially, adversely affect financial results. 

We are a multinational company subject to tax in various tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Additionally, our calculations of income taxes payable currently and on a deferred basis are based on our interpretations of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we are required to file tax returns. 

Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by numerous factors including: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

reorganization or restructuring of our businesses, tangible and intangible assets, outstanding indebtedness and corporate structure, such as in connection with acquiring businesses; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

jurisdictional mix of our income and assets, and the resulting tax effects of differing tax rates in different countries; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in the allocation of income and expenses, including adjustments related to changes in our corporate structure, acquisitions or tax law; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in transfer pricing rules or methods of applying these rules; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in tax laws, including in the U.S., changes to the taxation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to income and foreign tax credit rules; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

tax effects of increases in non-deductible employee compensation; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in tax accounting rules or principles and in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

outcomes of income tax audits; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

modifications, expiration, lapses or termination of tax credits or incentives. 

##TABLE_END We have adopted transfer pricing policies between our affiliated entities. Our policies call for the provision of services, the sale of products, the advance of financing and grant of licenses from one affiliate to another at prices that we believe are negotiated on an arm&#8217;s length basis. Our taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm&#8217;s length basis. Due to inconsistencies in application of the arm&#8217;s length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of comprehensive treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, result in adjustments for prior or future years. As a result of these adjustments, we could become subject to higher taxes and our earnings and results of operations would be adversely affected in any period in which such determination is made. 

Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of our income tax liability will not be materially different than what is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement of tax liabilities prescribed in the relevant accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes applies to all income tax positions, which, if resolved unfavorably, could adversely impact our provision for income taxes and our payment obligation with respect to any such taxes. 

In addition, we are subject to, and are under, tax audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals. The ultimate result of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

The Internal Revenue Service may not agree that prior to the Redomiciliation Transaction Broadcom-Singapore should have been treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Although Broadcom-Singapore is a Singapore entity, the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) may assert that following our acquisition of BRCM, Broadcom-Singapore should have been treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;). If the IRS were to determine that under Section 7874 of the Code, the former shareholders of BRCM held at least 60% of the vote or value of the ordinary shares of Broadcom-Singapore immediately after our acquisition of BRCM, such percentage referred to as the &#8220;Section 7874 Percentage&#8221;, Broadcom-Singapore would be treated as a &#8220;surrogate foreign corporation&#8221; and several limitations could then apply to BRCM. For example, BRCM would be prohibited from using its net operating losses, foreign tax credits or other tax attributes to offset the income or gain recognized by reason of the transfer of property to a foreign related person during the 10-year period following our acquisition of BRCM or any income received or accrued during such period by reason of a license of any property by BRCM to a foreign related person. Moreover, in such case, Section 4985 of the Code and rules related thereto would impose an excise tax on the value of certain stock compensation held directly or indirectly by certain BRCM &#8220;disqualified individuals&#8221; (including former officers and directors of BRCM) at a rate equal to 15%, but only if a gain is otherwise recognized by BRCM former shareholders as a result of our acquisition of BRCM. If the IRS were to determine the Section 7874 Percentage was 80% or more, then Broadcom-Singapore would be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

While we believe the Section 7874 Percentage was significantly less than 60%, determining the Section 7874 Percentage is complex and is subject to factual and legal uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with our position. 

Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or potential acquisitions, could limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and exposes us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness. 

As of November 3, 2019 , our indebtedness under the 2017 Senior Notes, the 2019 Senior Notes and the Assumed CA Senior Notes was $17,550 million , $11,000 million and $1,850 million , respectively. In addition, $1,600 million was outstanding under the 2019 Term Loans. We also borrowed $12 billion of term loans to fund the acquisition of the Symantec Business. We expect to maintain significant levels of indebtedness going forward. 

Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences including: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

increasing our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

exposing us to interest rate risk due to our variable rate term facilities, which we do not typically hedge against; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the economy and the semiconductor industry; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

making it more difficult to borrow additional funds in the future to fund growth, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures and other purposes; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

potentially requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund our other business needs. 

##TABLE_END In addition, our variable rate indebtedness may use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness. 

We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the U.S. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, reserve mix and commodity pricing levels could also be considered by the rating agencies. While we are focused on maintaining investment grade ratings from these agencies, we may be unable to do so. Any downgrade in our credit rating or the ratings of our indebtedness, or adverse conditions in the debt capital markets, could: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

adversely affect the trading price of, or market for, our debt securities; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

increase interest expense under our term facilities; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

increase the cost of, and adversely affect our ability to refinance, our existing debt; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

adversely affect our ability to raise additional debt. 

##TABLE_END

The instruments governing our indebtedness impose certain restrictions on our business. 

The instruments governing our indebtedness contain certain covenants imposing restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business, to plan for, or react to, changes in the market conditions or our capital needs and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. The restrictions placed on us include maintenance of an interest coverage ratio and limitations on our ability to incur certain secured debt, enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, the instruments contain customary events of default upon the occurrence of which, after any applicable grace period, the indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. In such event, we may not have sufficient available cash to repay such debt at the time it becomes due, or be able to refinance such debt on acceptable terms or at all. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, and to refinance our debt, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our current indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur and to make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms when needed, which could result in a default on our indebtedness. 

Risks Relating to Owning Our Common Stock 

At times, our stock price has been volatile and it may fluctuate substantially in the future, which could result in substantial losses for our investors as well as class action litigation against us and our management which could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources. 

The trading price of our common stock has, at times, fluctuated significantly and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to any of the risk factors listed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section, and others, including: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

issuance of new or updated research or other reports by securities analysts; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

fluctuations in the valuation and results of operations of our significant customers as well as companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

announcements of proposed acquisitions by us or our competitors; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

announcements of, or expectations of, additional debt or equity financing transactions; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

stock price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our common stock; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in our dividend or stock repurchase policies or our ability to pay dividends; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

issuance, and subsequent sale, of common stock upon conversion of our 8.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (&#8220;Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock&#8221;); 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

hedging or arbitrage trading activity involving our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or common stock; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the initiation or conclusion of legal proceedings or government inquiries or investigations involving Broadcom; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

announcement or imposition of restrictive governmental actions, such as import/export restrictions, duties and quotas, trade sanctions or customs duties and tariffs that may affect our business; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

unsubstantiated news reports or other inaccurate publicity regarding us or our business. 

##TABLE_END

These fluctuations are often unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. We are also the subject of a number of lawsuits stemming from our acquisitions. Securities litigation against us, including the lawsuits related to such transactions, could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

The amount and frequency of our stock repurchases may fluctuate. 

The amount, timing and execution of our stock repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes. These purposes include operational spending, capital spending, acquisitions, repayment of debt and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments. Changes in cash flows, tax laws and our stock price could also impact our stock repurchase program. 

A substantial amount of our stock is held by a small number of large investors and significant sales of our common stock in the public market by one or more of these holders could cause our stock price to fall. 

As of September 30, 2019 , we believe 11 of our 20 largest holders of common stock were active institutional investors who held approximately 33% of our outstanding shares of common stock in the aggregate, with Capital World Investors being our largest stockholder with approximately 11% of our outstanding shares of common stock. These investors may sell their shares at any time for a variety of reasons and such sales could depress the market price of our common stock. In addition, any such sales of our common stock by these entities could also impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends. 

Our Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our common stock on a quarterly basis. The declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our Board of Directors and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. In addition, any payment of dividends on our common stock is subject to and conditioned upon our payment of quarterly dividends on our Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. 

Future dividends, if any, and their timing and amount, may be affected by, among other factors: management&#8217;s views on potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions; earnings levels; contractual restrictions cash position and overall financial condition; and changes to our business model. The payment of cash dividends is restricted by applicable law, contractual restrictions and our corporate structure. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is also limited by restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries. 

Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 

From time to time, we release guidance regarding our future performance that represents our management&#8217;s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in the release. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither any independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles, examines or reviews the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 

Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, is inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. We generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of these ranges. The principal reason that we release this data is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. 

Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results, particularly any guidance relating to the results of operations of acquired businesses or companies as our management will, necessarily, be less familiar with their business, procedures and operations. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance and the variations may be material. Investors should also recognize 

that the reliability of any forecasted financial data will diminish the farther in the future that the data are forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it. 

Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could result in the actual operating results being different than the guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material. 

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

##TABLE_END This Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with &#8220;Selected Financial Data&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog III-V based products. We have a history of innovation in the semiconductor industry and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Through our fiscal year ended November 3, 2019 (&#8220;fiscal year 2019&#8221;), we had three reportable segments: semiconductor solutions, infrastructure software and intellectual property (&#8220;IP&#8221;) licensing. 

Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world&#8217;s leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. 

The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

gain or loss of significant customers; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

our distributors&#8217; product inventory and end customer demand; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, and the rate at which our customers' products that include our technology are accepted in their markets; 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers; and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders. 

##TABLE_END Uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. 

Our fiscal year 2019 and our fiscal year ended October 29, 2017 (&#8220;fiscal year 2017&#8221;) were 52-week fiscal years compared to our fiscal year ended November 4, 2018 (&#8220;fiscal year 2018&#8221;), which was a 53-week fiscal year. The additional week in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 resulted in higher net revenue, gross margin dollars, research and development expense, and selling general and administrative expense for fiscal year 2018, compared to fiscal years 2019 and 2017. 

Fiscal Year Highlights 

Highlights during fiscal year 2019 include the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

On September 30, 2019, we completed an offering of approximately 4 million shares of 8.00% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, $0.001 par value per share (the &#8220;Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock&#8221;), which generated net proceeds of $3,679 million . We used the net proceeds, together, with cash on hand, to repay $4.8 billion of our long-term debt. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

We generated $9,697 million of cash from operations. 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

We paid $5,435 million to repurchase shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program, $4,235 million for cash dividends and distributions and $972 million in employee withholding taxes related to net share settled equity awards. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

On November 5, 2018 , we completed the acquisition of CA, Inc. (&#8220;CA&#8221;) for aggregate consideration of approximately $18.8 billion . 

##TABLE_END Recent Developments 

Purchase of Symantec Corporation&#8217;s Enterprise Security Business 

On November 4, 2019, we completed the purchase and assumption of certain assets and certain liabilities, respectively, of Symantec Corporation&#8217;s Enterprise Security business (&#8220;Symantec Business&#8221;) for approximately $10.7 billion in cash (the &#8220;Symantec Asset Purchase&#8221;). 

In connection with the Symantec Asset Purchase, we entered into a credit agreement with certain financial institutions to provide (i) up to $12 billion in term loans to fund the Symantec Asset Purchase and related working capital needs and (ii) $3.5 billion in term loans to refinance certain existing senior notes maturing in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 1, 2020 (&#8220;fiscal year 2020&#8221;). 

The discussions below relate to our business, reporting segments and financial results for fiscal year 2019 and prior periods and do not include any impact from or information relating to the Symantec Asset Purchase. 

Acquisitions and Divestitures 

The discussion and analysis in this section and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of acquired companies commencing on their respective acquisition dates. 

Acquisition of CA, Inc. 

On November 5, 2018 (the &#8220;CA Acquisition Date&#8221;), we acquired CA for approximately $18.8 billion in aggregate cash purchase consideration and assumed $2.25 billion of outstanding unsecured bonds (the &#8220;CA Merger&#8221;). We financed the CA Merger with $18 billion of term loans borrowed on the CA Acquisition Date, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies. See Note 9 . &#8220; Borrowings &#8221; included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further detail. We also assumed all eligible unvested CA equity awards in the transaction. On December 31, 2018, we sold Veracode, Inc. (&#8220;Veracode&#8221;), a subsidiary of CA and provider of application security testing solutions, to Thoma Bravo, LLC for cash consideration of $950 million, before working capital adjustments. 

Acquisition of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. 

On November 17, 2017, we acquired Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (&#8220;Brocade&#8221;) for approximately $6.0 billion in cash, including retirement of their term loan debt (the &#8220;Brocade Merger&#8221;), which we financed using the net proceeds from the issuance of our senior unsecured notes, issued in October 2017, as well as cash on hand. We also assumed all eligible unvested Brocade equity awards in the transaction. On December 1, 2017, we sold certain Brocade businesses for an aggregate of $800 million in cash. 

Net Revenue 

A majority of our net revenue is derived from sales of a broad range of semiconductor devices that are incorporated into electronic products, as well as from modules, switches and subsystems. Net revenue is also generated from the sale of software solutions that enable our customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our three reportable segments in fiscal year 2019 were: semiconductor solutions, infrastructure software and IP licensing. 

Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality, which are discussed in detail in Part I, Item 1. Business under &#8220;Seasonality&#8221; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Original equipment manufacturers (&#8220;OEMs&#8221;), or their contract manufacturers, and distributors typically account for the substantial majority of our semiconductor sales. To serve customers around the world, we have strategically developed relationships with large global electronic component distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relationships based on their respective product ranges. We also sell our products to a wide variety of OEMs or their contract manufacturers. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. Our direct sales force focuses on supporting our large OEM customers and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customer&#8217;s organization. Certain customers require us to contract with them directly and with specified intermediaries, such as contract manufacturers. Many of our major customer 

relationships have been in place for many years and are often the result of years of collaborative product development. This has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers&#8217; requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. We recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. 

Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of products sold. Cost of products sold consists primarily of the costs for semiconductor wafers and other materials as well as the costs of assembling and testing those products and materials. Such costs include personnel and overhead related to our manufacturing operations, which include stock-based compensation expense; related occupancy; computer services; equipment costs; manufacturing quality; order fulfillment; warranty adjustments; inventory adjustments, including write-downs for inventory obsolescence; and acquisition costs, which include direct transaction costs and integration-related costs. 

Although we outsource a significant portion of our manufacturing activities, we do have some proprietary semiconductor fabrication facilities. If we are unable to utilize our owned fabrication facilities at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins. 

Cost of subscriptions and services. Cost of subscriptions and services consists of personnel, project costs associated with professional services or support of our subscriptions and services revenue, and allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses. Personnel costs include stock-based compensation expense. 

Total cost of revenue also includes the purchase accounting effect on inventory, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and restructuring charges. 

Research and development. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including stock-based compensation expense. These expenses also include project material costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype development expense, allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses and computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process. 

Selling , general and administrative. Selling expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including stock-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, advertising costs, trade shows, corporate marketing, promotion, travel related to our sales and marketing operations, related occupancy and equipment costs, and other marketing costs. General and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, finance, human resources and other administrative personnel, including stock-based compensation expense, outside professional fees, allocated facilities costs, acquisition-related costs and other corporate expenses. 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. In connection with our acquisitions, we recognize intangible assets that are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 year to 25 years . We also recognize goodwill, which is not amortized, and in-process research and development (&#8220;IPR&#38;D&#8221;), which is initially capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset, in connection with acquisitions. Upon completion of each underlying project, IPR&#38;D assets are reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges. Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges consist primarily of compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalizing product development program costs, IPR&#38;D impairment, fixed asset impairment, facility and lease abandonments, and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements. 

Interest expense. Interest expense includes coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of original issue discount, and amortization of debt premiums and debt issuance costs, and expenses related to debt modification. 

Other income, net. Other income, net includes interest income, gains (losses) on investments and on foreign currency remeasurement, and other miscellaneous items. 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ( &#8220;2017 Tax Reform Act&#8221;) made significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including (1) a decrease in the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, (2) the accrual of U.S. income tax on foreign earnings when earned, allowing 

certain foreign dividends to then be tax-exempt, rather than deferring such income tax payments until the foreign earnings are repatriated into the U.S., and (3) the transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of accumulated non-U.S. earnings of U.S. controlled foreign corporations (the &#8220;Transition Tax&#8221;). Following the enactment of the 2017 Tax Reform Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;), issued guidance for situations when there is insufficient information to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Reform Act. Based on our interpretation of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and the SEC&#8217;s guidance, we recognized an income tax benefit of $7,278 million during fiscal year 2018. During fiscal year 2019 we recorded an income tax provision of $113 million from a change in estimate of our fiscal year 2018 benefit as a result of proposed U.S. Treasury regulations issued in fiscal year 2019 related to the 2017 Tax Reform Act. We also recognized an income tax benefit of $1,162 million in fiscal year 2018 primarily as a result of our redomiciliation to the United States in April 2018 (the &#8220;Redomiciliation Transaction&#8221;). 

We have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. Our tax incentives from the Singapore Economic Development Board, an agency of the Government of Singapore, provide that any qualifying income earned in Singapore is subject to tax incentives or reduced rates of Singapore income tax. Subject to our compliance with the conditions specified in these incentives and legislative developments, these Singapore tax incentives are presently expected to expire in November 2025, subject in certain cases to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain. Absent these tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate in Singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17% . We also have a tax holiday on our qualifying income in Malaysia, which is scheduled to expire in fiscal year 2028. 

The tax incentives and tax holiday that we have obtained are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits and we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. Depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. Before taking into consideration the effects of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and other indirect tax impact, the effect of these tax incentives and tax holiday was to increase the benefit from income taxes by approximately $923 million and $590 million for fiscal years 2019 and 2018, respectively. For fiscal year 2017, the effect of these tax incentives and tax holiday was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $237 million . 

Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm&#8217;s length basis. Due to inconsistencies in application of the arm&#8217;s length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual financial results may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. Those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation, income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, stock-based compensation and employee bonus programs. See Note 2 . &#8220; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies &#8221; included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates. 

Revenue recognition. We account for a contract with a customer when both parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations, each party&#8217;s rights can be identified, payment terms can be identified, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable we will collect substantially all of the consideration we are entitled to. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer. Our products and services can be broadly categorized as sales of products and subscriptions and services. 

We recognize products revenue from sales to direct customers and distributors when control transfers to the customer. An allowance for distributor credits covering price adjustments is made based on our estimate of historical experience rates as well as considering economic conditions and contractual terms. To date, actual distributor claims activity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical estimates. However, because of the inherent nature of estimates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our estimates. Different judgments or estimates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operating results. We also record reductions of revenue for rebates in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. We accrue 100% of potential rebates at the time of sale. We reverse the accrual of unclaimed rebate amounts as specific rebate programs contractually end and when we believe unclaimed rebates are no longer subject to payment and will not be paid. Thus, the reversal of unclaimed rebates may have a positive impact on our net revenue and net income in subsequent periods. 

Our contracts may contain more than one of our products and services, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation. When available, we use directly observable transactions to determine the standalone selling prices for performance obligations. Our estimates of standalone selling price for each performance obligation require judgment that considers multiple factors, including, but not limited to, historical discounting trends for products and services and pricing practices through different sales channels, gross margin objectives, internal costs, competitor pricing strategies, technology lifecycles and market conditions. 

We also estimate the standalone selling price of our material rights. Our estimate of the value of the customer&#8217;s option to purchase or receive additional products or services at a discounted price includes estimating the incremental discount the customer would obtain when exercising the option and the likelihood that the option would be exercised. 

Certain contracts contain a right of return that allows the customer to cancel all or a portion of the product or service and receive a credit. We estimate returns based on historical returns data which is constrained to an amount for which a material revenue reversal is not probable. We do not recognize revenue for products or services that are expected to be returned. 

Business combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on histor ical experience and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs to develop IPR&#38;D into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, and discount rates. The discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and adjusted to reflect inherent risks. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that could affect either the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 

Valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets. We perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. To review for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. Our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. These factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below our net book value. After assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit&#8217;s net book value. 

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. The income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporting unit estimates for forecasted future financial performance including revenues, operating expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. These estimates are developed as part of our long-term planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, estimated costs based on historical data and various internal estimates. Projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the estimated market 

weighted-average cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. The market approach is based on weighting financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. A reporting unit's carrying value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash and debt. 

We assess the impairment of long-lived assets including purchased IPR&#38;D, property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include (i) significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, or (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. In order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects of our business or the part of our business that the long-lived asset relates to. We also consider market factors specific to the business and estimate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. Based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived asset stated on our consolidated balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. 

Inventory valuation. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. A significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. In addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. Additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause us to understate or overstate both the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory and cost of products sold. Therefore, although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations. 

Income taxes. Significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. We have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. If we determine that a valuation allowance is required, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. Conversely, if we determine that a valuation allowance exceeds our requirement, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would decrease tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. In evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition. 

The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes, interest and penalties will be due. If our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to tax expense would be required. If the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the accrued liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist. 

Retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions. Retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore, are subject to estimation. Pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs over the employees' average expected future service to us, based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. To estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of GAAP. One assumption is the discount rate used to calculate the estimated costs. Other assumptions include the expected long-term return on plan assets, expected future salary increases, the health care cost trend rate, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. We evaluate these assumptions at least annually. 

The discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the relevant measurement dates &#8212; November 3, 2019 and November 4, 2018 , for both U.S. and non-U.S. plans, in fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The U.S. discount rates are based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high-quality corporate bond yields. The discount rate for non-U.S. plans was based either on published rates for government bonds or use of a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high-quality corporate bond yields, depending on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality corporate bonds. Lower discount rates increase present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense. 

The U. S. expected rate of return on plan assets is set equal to the discount rate due to the implementation of our fully-matched, liability-driven investment strategy. 

Actuarial assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. Material changes may occur in retirement benefit costs in the future if these assumptions differ from actual events or experience. We performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is the key assumption in calculating U.S. pension and post-retirement benefit obligations as of November 3, 2019 . Each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have had an estimated $40 million impact on the benefit obligations as of November 3, 2019 . Each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption or expected rate of return assumption would not have a material impact on annual net retirement benefit costs for fiscal year 2020 . 

Stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense consists of expense for RSUs and stock options granted to employees and non-employees or assumed from acquisitions as well as expense associated with Broadcom employee stock purchase plan (&#8220;ESPP&#8221;). We recognize compensation expense for time-based stock options and ESPP rights based on the estimated grant-date fair value method required under the authoritative guidance using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 

Certain equity awards include both time-based and market-based conditions and are accounted for as market-based awards. The fair value of these market-based awards is estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

Employee Bonus Programs. Our employee bonus programs, which are overseen by our Compensation Committee, or our Board, in the case of our Chief Executive Officer, provide for variable compensation based on the attainment of overall corporate annual targets and functional performance metrics. In the first fiscal quarter of the year, if management determines that it is probable that the targets and metrics will be achieved and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, a variable, proportional compensation accrual is recognized based on an assumed 100% achievement of the targets and metrics. The bonus payout levels can be greater if attainment of metrics and targets is greater than 100% and a portion of the payouts may not occur if a minimum floor of performance is not achieved. In subsequent quarters, we monitor and accrue for variable compensation expense based on our actual progress toward the achievement of the annual targets and metrics. The actual achievement of target metrics at the end of the fiscal year, which is subject to approval by our Compensation Committee, may result in the actual variable compensation amounts being significantly higher or lower than the relevant estimated amounts accrued in earlier quarters, which would result in a corresponding adjustment in the fourth fiscal quarter. 

Fiscal Year Presentation 

We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31 in a 52-week year and the first Sunday in November in a 53-week year. Our fiscal years 2019 and 2017 consisted of 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2018 consisted of 53 weeks. 

The financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are presented in accordance with GAAP and expressed in U.S. dollars. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Year 2019 Compared to Fiscal Year 2018 

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented: 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions) 

&#160; 

(As a percentage of net revenue) 

Statements of Operations Data: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net revenue: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Products 

&#160; 

$ 

18,117 

&#160; 

$ 

19,754 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Subscriptions and services 

&#160; 

4,480 

&#160; 

1,094 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

22,597 

&#160; 

20,848 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of revenue: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of products sold 

&#160; 

6,208 

&#160; 

6,924 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of subscriptions and services 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Purchase accounting effect on inventory 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 

&#160; 

3,314 

&#160; 

3,004 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Restructuring charges 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Total cost of revenue 

&#160; 

10,114 

&#160; 

10,115 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross margin 

&#160; 

12,483 

&#160; 

10,733 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Research and development 

&#160; 

4,696 

&#160; 

3,768 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Selling, general and administrative 

&#160; 

1,709 

&#160; 

1,056 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 

&#160; 

1,898 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Litigation settlements 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Total operating expenses 

&#160; 

9,039 

&#160; 

5,598 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Operating income 

&#160; 

$ 

3,444 

&#160; 

$ 

5,135 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

Net Revenue 

Historically, a relatively small number of customers has accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. Sales of products to distributors accounted for 46% and 34% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Direct sales to WT Microelectronics, a distributor, accounted for 17% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2019. No direct customer represented more than 10% of our net revenue during fiscal year 2018. We believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers through all channels accounted for more than 30% and more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. We believe aggregate sales to Apple Inc., through all channels, accounted for approximately 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2019 and approximately 25% for fiscal year 2018 . We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, if export restrictions on one of our larger customers continue, revenue in future periods may continue to be adversely impacted. 

From time to time, some of our key semiconductor customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. This is particularly true for our wireless products as fluctuations may be magnified by the launches of, and seasonal variations in sales of mobile handsets. 

Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when title and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose net revenue by country based on the geographic shipment or delivery location specified by distributors, OEMs, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or software customers. In fiscal year 2019, approximately 35% of our net revenue came from shipments or deliveries to China (including Hong Kong), compared to approximately 50% for both fiscal years 2018 and 2017. However, the end customers for either our products or for the end products into which our products are incorporated, are frequently located in countries other than China (including Hong Kong). As a result, we believe that a substantially smaller percentage of our net revenue is ultimately dependent on sales of either our product or our customers&#8217; product incorporating our product, to end customers located in China (including Hong Kong). 

The following tables set forth net revenue by segment for the periods presented: 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net Revenue by Segment 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

$ Change 

&#160; 

% Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions, except for percentages) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

$ 

17,368 

&#160; 

$ 

18,934 

&#160; 

$ 

(1,566 

) 

&#160; 

(8 

)% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

5,156 

&#160; 

1,780 

&#160; 

3,376 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(61 

) 

&#160; 

(46 

)% 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

$ 

22,597 

&#160; 

$ 

20,848 

&#160; 

$ 

1,749 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Net Revenue by Segment 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(As a percentage of net revenue) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

&#160; 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

Our total net revenue increased primarily due to the acquisition of CA in fiscal year 2019 . Net revenue from our semiconductor solutions segment decreased due to lower demand for our wireless content in mobile handsets, as well as lower demand for our broadband, optocoupler, set-top box and server storage connectivity. Fiscal year 2018 semiconductor solutions revenue benefited from a later than typical new mobile handset ramp with a major customer in the first quarter, which resulted in higher shipments in that quarter, as well as an extra week in the fiscal year as compared to fiscal year 2019. Net revenue from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from our CA mainframe and enterprise software products. 

Gross Margin 

Gross margin was $12,483 million for fiscal year 2019 compared to $10,733 million for fiscal year 2018 . Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 55% in fiscal year 2019 from 52% for fiscal year 2018 . These increases were primarily due to contributions from our CA mainframe and enterprise software products and favorable product mix within our semiconductor solutions segment. These increases were partially offset by higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and restructuring charges as a result of the CA Merger and higher stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec Business and any further acquisitions we may make. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense increased $928 million , or 25% , in fiscal year 2019 . Research and development expense as a percentage of net revenue was 21% and 18% for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of CA and higher stock-based compensation expense, offset by lower variable employee compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense increased primarily due to the issuance of multi-year equity grants of time- and market-based RSUs (the &#8220;Multi-Year Equity Awards&#8221;) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, the impact of the change from annual to quarterly vesting of equity awards and the assumed CA equity awards. Our stock-based compensation expense for fiscal year 2019 included employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values than those granted in prior years, which also contributed to the increase. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec Business and any future acquisitions we may make. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Selling, general and administrative expense increased $653 million , or 62% , in fiscal year 2019 . Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 8% and 5% for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of CA and higher stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense increased primarily due to the issuance of the Multi-Year Equity Awards, the impact of the change from annual to quarterly vesting of equity awards and the assumed CA equity awards. 

Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets recognized in operating expenses increased $1,357 million , or 251% , in fiscal year 2019. The increase was primarily due to the addition of amortization of intangible assets acquired in the CA Merger. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec Business and any further acquisitions we may make. 

Restructuring, Impairment and Disposal Charges 

Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges included in operating expenses increased $517 million , or 236% , in fiscal year 2019 . The increase was primarily due to employee termination costs, as well as lease and other exit costs resulting from the CA Merger. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec Business and any further acquisitions we may make. 

Segment Operating Results 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Operating Income (Loss) 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

$ Change 

&#160; 

% Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions, except for percentages) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

$ 

8,150 

&#160; 

$ 

9,090 

&#160; 

$ 

(940 

) 

&#160; 

(10 

)% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

3,781 

&#160; 

1,250 

&#160; 

2,531 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

(2 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(72 

) 

&#160; 

(103 

)% 

Unallocated expenses 

&#160; 

(8,485 

) 

&#160; 

(5,275 

) 

&#160; 

(3,210 

) 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

Total operating income 

&#160; 

$ 

3,444 

&#160; 

$ 

5,135 

&#160; 

$ 

(1,691 

) 

&#160; 

(33 

)% 

##TABLE_END

Operating income from our semiconductor solutions segment decreased primarily due to lower demand for our wireless content in mobile handsets, as well as lower demand for our optocoupler, broadband, server storage connectivity and set-top box products. Fiscal year 2018 semiconductor solutions operating income benefited from a later than typical new mobile handset ramp with a major customer in the first quarter, which resulted in higher shipments in that quarter, as well as an extra week in the fiscal year as compared to fiscal year 2019. Operating income from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from our CA mainframe and enterprise software products. 

Unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; stock-based compensation expense; acquisition-related costs; restructuring, impairment and disposal charges; and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. Unallocated expenses increased 61% in fiscal year 2019 mainly due to higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, and restructuring, impairment and disposal charges primarily related to the CA Merger. The increase in stock-based compensation expense also due to the issuance of the Multi-Year Equity Awards and the impact of the change from annual to quarterly vesting of certain time-based equity awards. 

Non-Operating Income and Expenses 

Interest expense. Interest expense was $1,444 million and $628 million for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively. Interest expense was higher in fiscal year 2019 primarily due to interest on the debt we incurred to finance the CA Merger in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We expect to incur additional interest expense in future periods as a result of term loan indebtedness associated with any future acquisitions, including our acquisition of the Symantec Business. 

Other income, net. Other income, net was $226 million and $144 million in fiscal years 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in unrealized gains on investments partially offset by losses on foreign currency remeasurement. 

Benefit from income taxes. Benefit from income taxes was $510 million and $8,084 million for fiscal years 2019 and 2018, respectively. The benefit from income taxes in fiscal year 2019 was primarily due to $232 million of excess benefit from stock-based awards that vested or were exercised during the year, $131 million from the recognition of gross unrecognized tax benefits as a result of audit settlements and lapses of statutes of limitations net of increases in balances related to tax positions taken during the current year, $80 million of benefit from deferred tax measurement in state and foreign jurisdictions, $66 million of benefit related to internal reorganizations, and $54 million of benefit from the partial release of our valuation allowance as a result of the CA Merger, partially offset by $113 million of expense from a change in estimate of our fiscal year 2018 benefit as a result of proposed U.S. Treasury regulations issued in fiscal year 2019 related to the 2017 Tax Reform Act. The benefit from income taxes in fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to income tax benefits recognized from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and the Redomiciliation Transaction. 

Fiscal Year 2018 Compared to Fiscal Year 2017 

The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented: 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Statements of Operations Data: 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions) 

&#160; 

(As a percentage of net revenue) 

Net revenue: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Products 

&#160; 

$ 

19,754 

&#160; 

$ 

17,033 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Subscriptions and services 

&#160; 

1,094 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

20,848 

&#160; 

17,636 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of revenue: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of products sold 

&#160; 

6,924 

&#160; 

6,549 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of subscriptions and services 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Purchase accounting effect on inventory 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 

&#160; 

3,004 

&#160; 

2,511 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Restructuring charges 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Total cost of revenue 

&#160; 

10,115 

&#160; 

9,127 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross margin 

&#160; 

10,733 

&#160; 

8,509 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Research and development 

&#160; 

3,768 

&#160; 

3,302 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Selling, general and administrative 

&#160; 

1,056 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,764 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Litigation settlements 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

Total operating expenses 

&#160; 

5,598 

&#160; 

6,138 

&#160; 

35 

Operating income 

&#160; 

$ 

5,135 

&#160; 

$ 

2,371 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

The following table sets forth net revenue by segment for the periods presented: 

Net Revenue 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net Revenue by Segment 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

$ Change 

&#160; 

% Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions, except for percentages) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

$ 

18,934 

&#160; 

$ 

17,491 

&#160; 

$ 

1,443 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

1,780 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

1,780 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(11 

) 

&#160; 

(8 

)% 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

$ 

20,848 

&#160; 

$ 

17,636 

&#160; 

$ 

3,212 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Net Revenue by Segment 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(As a percentage of net revenue) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total net revenue 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

Our total net revenue increased primarily due to the acquisition of Brocade in fiscal year 2018, as well as strong organic year-over-year growth. 

Net revenue from our semiconductor solutions segment increased due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets and a later than typical new handset ramp with a major customer, which resulted in product shipments that typically would have occurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 occurring in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. Additionally, net revenue from our semiconductor solutions segment increased due to an increase in demand for our networking application-specific integrated circuit (&#8220;ASIC&#8221;) products. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in demand for our set top box and optical products. Net revenue from our infrastructure software segment increased due to contributions from our FC SAN business. 

Gross Margin 

Gross margin was $10,733 million for fiscal year 2018 compared to $8,509 million for fiscal year 2017. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 52% in fiscal year 2018 from 48% for fiscal year 2017. The fiscal year 2018 increases were primarily due to the addition of Brocade products, as well as a more favorable product mix, partially offset by an increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense increased $466 million , or 14% , in fiscal year 2018. Research and development expense remained relatively flat as a percentage of net revenue at 18% and 19% for fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase in research and development expense dollars for fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the acquisition of Brocade, higher stock-based compensation expense, and higher variable employee compensation expense due to fiscal year 2018 operating performance. Stock-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Selling, general and administrative expense increased $267 million , or 34% , in fiscal year 2018. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue remained relatively flat at 5% and 4% for fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense dollars for fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the acquisition of Brocade and associated acquisition-related costs, as well as higher stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values. 

Amortization of Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets recognized in operating expenses decreased $1,223 million , or 69% , in fiscal year 2018. The decrease was primarily due to the full amortization of certain intangible assets acquired as part of our acquisition of Broadcom Corporation, partially offset by the addition of amortization of intangible assets acquired in the Brocade Merger. 

Restructuring, Impairment and Disposal Charges 

Restructuring, impairment and disposal charges included in operating expenses increased $58 million , or 36% , in fiscal year 2018 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in restructuring activities resulting from the Brocade Merger, partially offset by a decrease in restructuring activities resulting from our acquisition of Broadcom Corporation. 

Litigation Settlements 

During fiscal years 2018 and 2017, we incurred $14 million and $122 million of litigation charges, respectively, associated with certain legal settlement agreements. 

Segment Operating Results 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Operating Income by Segment 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

$ Change 

&#160; 

% Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions, except for percentages) 

Semiconductor solutions 

&#160; 

$ 

9,090 

&#160; 

$ 

7,900 

&#160; 

$ 

1,190 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

Infrastructure software 

&#160; 

1,250 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

1,250 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

IP licensing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Unallocated expenses 

&#160; 

(5,275 

) 

&#160; 

(5,599 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(6 

)% 

Total operating income 

&#160; 

$ 

5,135 

&#160; 

$ 

2,371 

&#160; 

$ 

2,764 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

##TABLE_END

Operating income from our semiconductor solutions segment increased due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets, as well as a later than typical new handset ramp with a major customer, which resulted in higher shipments in fiscal year 2018. Additionally, we experienced an increase in demand for our networking ASIC products. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in demand for our set-top box and optical products. Operating income from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from our FC SAN business. 

Unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, acquisition-related costs, charges for litigation settlements, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. Unallocated expenses decreased 6% in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to decreases in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and charges for litigation settlements, substantially offset by increases in stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related costs, purchase accounting effect on inventory, and restructuring, impairment and disposal charges. 

Non-Operating Income and Expenses 

Interest expense. Interest expense was $628 million and $454 million for fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. Interest expense was higher in fiscal year 2018 primarily due to the October 2017 issuance of unsecured senior notes, as well as debt commitment fees paid in connection with the Brocade Merger. 

Impairment on investment. We recognized $106 million in fiscal year 2018 for an other than temporary impairment of one of our cost method investments. 

Loss on extinguishment of debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt was $166 million for fiscal year 2017. We issued senior unsecured notes in January 2017 to repay all of the term loans outstanding under our guaranteed, collateralized credit agreement dated February 1, 2016. As a result, we wrote-off $166 million of debt issuance costs. 

Other income, net. Other income, net was $144 million and $74 million in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in interest income and gains on foreign currency remeasurement. 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. Our benefit from income taxes was $8,084 million for fiscal year 2018, compared to a provision for income taxes of $35 million for fiscal year 2017. The benefit from income taxes in fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the income tax benefits recognized from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and the Redomiciliation Transaction. The provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to an increase in profit before tax and a discrete expense of $76 million resulting from entity reorganizations, partially offset by the recognition of $273 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based equity awards that vested or were exercised during fiscal year 2017 and, to a lesser extent, the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits primarily as a result of audit settlements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our primary liquidity requirements and uses of cash. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible. 

Our primary sources of liquidity as of November 3, 2019 consisted of: (i) $5,055 million in cash and cash equivalents, (ii) cash we expect to generate from operations, (iii) available capacity under our $5 billion revolving credit facility (the &#8220;Revolving 

Facility&#8221;), and (iv) available capacity under our $2 billion commercial paper program. In addition, we may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financing from time to time. 

Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) cash dividend payments (if and when declared by the Board of Directors), (v) interest and principal payments related to outstanding indebtedness and (vi) payment of income taxes. Beginning April 2018, we settle withholding tax amounts due upon vesting of compensatory equity awards using cash on hand, and withholding from the grant recipient that number of shares having a value equivalent to the withholding tax amount (&#8220;Tax Shares&#8221;). This net settlement method reduces the dilutive effects of such awards as they vest. Previously, the Tax Shares were issued and mandatorily sold into the market, and the cash proceeds were used to pay such withholding tax amounts. This change results in an increased use of our cash as our outstanding equity awards vest. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 were lower than fiscal year 2018 , due primarily to the completion of construction at our Irvine and San Jose campuses. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2020 as compared to fiscal year 2019 due to the Symantec Asset Purchase on November 4, 2019. 

Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the Symantec Asset Purchase. We funded $10.7 billion of cash consideration needed for that transaction with debt financing. 

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the Revolving Facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. 

From time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. Any such transaction, or evaluation of potential transactions, could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transactions. If we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. In such circumstances, we may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. However, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and outstanding term loans (including those we borrowed to fund our acquisition of the Symantec Business) and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We may also elect to sell additional debt or equity securities for reasons other than those specified above. 

Working Capital 

Working capital decreased to $3,018 million at November 3, 2019 from $6,769 million at November 4, 2018. The decrease was attributable to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Accounts receivable decreased to $3,259 million at November 3, 2019 from $3,325 million at November 4, 2018, primarily due to a higher volume of trade accounts receivable factoring, partially offset by higher revenue. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Inventory decreased to $874 million at November 3, 2019 from $1,124 million at November 4, 2018 primarily due to our continued focus on inventory management. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Current portion of long-term debt increased $2,787 million primarily due to certain unsecured senior notes becoming due within the next twelve months. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Other current liabilities increased to $2,616 million at November 3, 2019 from $812 million at November 4, 2018 primarily due to the CA Merger and increases in contract liabilities from adoption of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 606 (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;), notional pooling liabilities, restructuring reserves, taxes payable and interest payable. 

##TABLE_END These decreases in working capital were offset in part by the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Cash and cash equivalents increased to $5,055 million at November 3, 2019 from $4,292 million at November 4, 2018 primarily due to $30,034 million in proceeds from borrowings, $9,697 million in net cash provided by operating activities, $3,679 million of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock issuance proceeds and $957 million in proceeds from sale of Veracode, partially offset by $16,800 million of debt repayments, $16,027 million paid for the CA Merger, $5,435 million of common stock repurchases, $4,235 million of dividend payments, and $972 million in payments of employee withholding taxes related to net share settled equity awards. See the &#8220;Cash Flows&#8221; section below for further details. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Other current assets increased to $729 million at November 3, 2019 from $366 million at November 4, 2018 primarily due to assets acquired in the CA Merger and increases in contract assets from adoption of Topic 606 and prepaid taxes. 

##TABLE_END

Working capital decreased to $6,769 million at November 4, 2018 from $13,294 million at October 29, 2017. The decrease was attributable to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Cash and cash equivalents decreased to $4,292 million at November 4, 2018 from $11,204 million at October 29, 2017 largely due to $7,258 million of common stock repurchases, $4,780 million paid for the Brocade Merger and $2,998 million of dividend and distribution payments, partially offset by $8,880 million in net cash provided by operating activities. See the &#8220;Cash Flows&#8221; section below for further details. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Inventory decreased to $1,124 million at November 4, 2018 from $1,447 million at October 29, 2017, due to the timing of a major customer's new handset ramp and our continued focus on inventory management. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Other current assets decreased to $366 million at November 4, 2018 from $724 million at October 29, 2017, primarily due to lower prepaid expenses, lower prepaid taxes as a result of the 2017 Tax Reform Act, and collection of other receivables. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Other current liabilities increased to $812 million at November 4, 2018 from $681 million at October 29, 2017, primarily due to higher deferred revenue associated with the Brocade Merger. 

##TABLE_END These decreases in working capital were offset in part by the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Accounts receivable increased to $3,325 million at November 4, 2018 from $2,448 million at October 29, 2017, primarily due to higher volume and revenue linearity. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Accounts payable decreased to $811 million at November 4, 2018 from $1,105 million at October 29, 2017, primarily due to timing of vendor payments. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Current portion of long-term debt decreased $117 million due to repayment of certain unsecured senior notes assumed in the acquisition of Broadcom Corporation. 

##TABLE_END Capital Returns 

During fiscal year 2019 , we repurchased and retired approximately 21 million shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $258.52 under an $18 billion stock repurchase program previously authorized by our Board of Directors. During fiscal year 2018 , we repurchased and retired approximately 32 million shares of our common stock at a weighted average price of $227.60 under this stock repurchase program. This authorization ended on November 3, 2019. 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions, except per share data) 

Cash dividends and distributions declared and paid per share/unit 

&#160; 

$ 

10.60 

&#160; 

$ 

7.00 

&#160; 

$ 

4.08 

Cash dividends and distributions declared and paid 

&#160; 

$ 

4,235 

&#160; 

$ 

2,998 

&#160; 

$ 

1,745 

Stock repurchases 

&#160; 

$ 

5,435 

&#160; 

$ 

7,258 

&#160; 

$ 

&#8212; 

##TABLE_END

In addition, during fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , we paid approximately $972 million and $56 million , respectively, in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting of, and related to net settled equity awards. We withheld approximately 4 million and 0.2 million shares of common stock from employees in fiscal years 2019 and 2018 , respectively, in connection with such net share settlements. 

Cash Flows 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Fiscal Year Ended 

&#160; 

&#160; 

November 3, 2019 

&#160; 

November 4, 2018 

&#160; 

October 29, 2017 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

&#160; 

$ 

9,697 

&#160; 

$ 

8,880 

&#160; 

$ 

6,551 

Net cash used in investing activities 

&#160; 

(15,422 

) 

&#160; 

(4,674 

) 

&#160; 

(674 

) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

&#160; 

6,488 

&#160; 

(11,118 

) 

&#160; 

2,230 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

(6,912 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

8,107 

##TABLE_END

Operating Activities 

Cash provided by operating activities consisted of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The $817 million increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the adjustments to net income for non-cash items and increases in working capital, partially offset by the decrease in net income. Non-cash adjustments to net income for fiscal year 2019 as compared to fiscal year 2018 primarily included a decrease in benefits from deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes and increases in amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, and non-cash restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, partially offset by a decrease in impairment of investment. 

The $2,329 million increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was due to the impact of net income, partially offset by adjustments to net income for non-cash items. Net income for fiscal year 2018 reflected an income tax benefit of $8,084 million principally resulting from the enactment of the 2017 Tax Reform Act and the impact from the Redomiciliation Transaction and related internal reorganizations. This benefit was primarily non-cash, resulting in a significant adjustment to net income, and was included in the deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes line in the consolidated statement of cash flows for fiscal year 2018. Other non-cash adjustments to net income for fiscal year 2018 as compared to fiscal year 2017 primarily included decreases in amortization of intangible assets and the non-cash portion of the debt extinguishment loss, partially offset by increases in stock-based compensation and impairment of investment. 

Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of cash used for acquisitions, capital expenditures and investments, partially offset by proceeds from sales of businesses and assets. The $10,748 million increase in cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 was primarily related to $16,027 million paid for the CA Merger in fiscal year 2019, partially offset by proceeds from sales of businesses as well as lower capital expenditures. 

The $4,000 million increase in cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily related to $4,780 million paid for the Brocade Merger in fiscal year 2018, partially offset by proceeds from sales of businesses as well as lower capital expenditures. 

Financing Activities 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities primarily consisted of net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt, dividend and distribution payments, stock repurchases, and the issuances of common stock pursuant to our employee equity incentive plans. The $17,606 million increase in cash related to financing activities for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to a $14,207 million increase in net proceeds from borrowings, net proceeds of $3,679 million from issuance of preferred stock, and a $1,823 million decrease in common stock repurchases, partially offset by a $1,237 million increase in dividend and distribution payments and a $916 million increase in employee withholding taxes related to net share settled equity awards. 

The $13,348 million increase in cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to $7,258 million of stock repurchases, an increase in dividend and distribution payments and the repayment of debt. 

Indebtedness 

See Note 9 . &#8220; Borrowings &#8221; included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Contractual Commitments 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Payments Due by Period 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total 

&#160; 

Less than 1 year 

&#160; 

1-3 years 

&#160; 

3-5 years 

&#160; 

More than 5 years 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(In millions) 

Debt principal, interest and fees 

&#160; 

$ 

39,038 

&#160; 

$ 

5,628 

&#160; 

$ 

10,163 

&#160; 

$ 

8,021 

&#160; 

$ 

15,226 

Purchase commitments 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Other contractual commitments 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#8212; 

Operating lease obligations 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total 

&#160; 

$ 

40,751 

&#160; 

$ 

6,528 

&#160; 

$ 

10,456 

&#160; 

$ 

8,151 

&#160; 

$ 

15,616 

##TABLE_END

Debt Principal, Interest and Fees. Represents principal, estimated interest and fees on borrowings. For borrowings subject to a floating interest rate, the estimated interest was based on the rate in effect during the last month of the fiscal year ended November 3, 2019 . 

Purchase Commitments. Represents unconditional purchase obligations that include agreements to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. Cancellation for outstanding purchase orders for capital expenditures in connection with the internal fabrication facility expansion and construction of our new campuses is generally allowed but requires payment of all costs incurred through the date of cancellation and, therefore, cancelable purchase orders for these capital expenditures are included in the table above. 

Other Contractual Commitments. Represents amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to information technology, human resources, financial infrastructure outsourcing services and other service agreements. 

Operating Lease Obligations. Represents real property and equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable operating leases. 

Due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at November 3, 2019 , we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. Therefore, $3,269 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest classified within other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of November 3, 2019 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at November 3, 2019 as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 

Indemnifications 

See Note 13 . &#8220; Commitments and Contingencies &#8221; in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Accounting Changes and Recent Accounting Standards 

For a description of accounting changes and recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, in our consolidated financial statements, see Note 2 . &#8220; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies &#8221; included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

##TABLE_START 