20-F 1 d138619d20f.htm FORM 20-F Form 20-F Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 20-F ¨ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR ¨ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this shell company report For the transition period from to Commission file number: 1-14251 SAP SE (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) SAP EUROPEAN COMPANY (Translation of Registrant’s name into English) Federal Republic of Germany (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16 69190
Walldorf Federal Republic of Germany (Address of principal executive offices) Wendy Boufford c/o SAP Labs 3410 Hillview
Avenue, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, United States of America 650-849-4000 (Tel) 650-843-2041 (Fax) (Name,
Telephone, Email and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered American Depositary Shares, each Representing one Ordinary Share, without nominal value New York Stock Exchange Ordinary Shares, without nominal value New York Stock Exchange* Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by
the annual report: Ordinary Shares, without nominal value: 1,228,504,232 (as of December 31, 2015)** Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨ If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ¨ No þ Note — Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) Yes ¨ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
“accelerated filer and large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated
filer þ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements
included in this filing: U.S.
GAAP ¨ International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board þ Other ¨ If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ¨ Item 18 ¨ If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). Yes ¨ No þ * Listed not for trading or quotation purposes, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such ordinary shares pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ** Including 30,551,035 treasury shares. Table of Contents [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] Table of Contents Introduction 1 Forward-Looking Statements 1 Performance Management System 2 PART I 9 ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS 9 ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE 9 ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION 9 Selected Financial Data 9 Exchange Rates 11 Dividends 11 Risk Factors 12 ITEM 4. INFORMATION ABOUT SAP 24 Overview of the SAP Group 25 Strategy and Business Model 26 Seasonality 29 Products, Research & Development, and Services 29 Acquisitions 34 Partner Ecosystem 34 Customers 35 Environmental Performance: Energy and Emissions 37 Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Licenses 39 Description of Property 39 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 41 ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS 41 Overview 41 Economy and the Market 41 Performance Against Outlook for 2015 (Non-IFRS) 43 Operating Results (IFRS) 45 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Exposure 58 Liquidity and Capital Resources 58 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 62 Contractual Obligations 62 Research and Development 63 Critical Accounting Estimates 63 New Accounting Standards not yet Adopted 63 Expected Developments 63 ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 69 Supervisory Board 69 Executive Board 70 Compensation Report 71 Employees 87 Share Ownership 88 Share-Based Compensation Plans 88 ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 88 Major Shareholders 88 Related-Party Transactions 89 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 89 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 89 Other Financial Information 89 ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING 89 General 89 Trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the NYSE 90 ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 91 Articles of Incorporation 91 Corporate Governance 91 Change in Control 95 Change in Share Capital 95 i Table of Contents Rights Accompanying our Shares 96 Taxation 97 Material Contracts 101 Documents on Display 101 ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 101 ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 102 American Depositary Shares 102 PART II 103 ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES 103 ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS 103 ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 103 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 103 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 103 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 103 ITEM 16. [RESERVED] 103 ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 103 ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS 103 ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 104 Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees 104 Audit Committee’s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 104 ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES 104 ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS 105 ITEM 16F. CHANGES IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT 105 ITEM 16G. DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES 105 Introduction 105 Legal Framework 105 Significant Differences 105 SAP SE is a European Company With a Two-Tier Board System 105 Director Independence Rules 106 Audit Committee Independence 107 Rules on Non-Management Board Meetings are Different 107 Rules on Establishing Committees Differ 107 Rules on Shareholders’ Compulsory Approval are Different 107 Specific Principles of Corporate Governance 107 Specific Code of Business Conduct 107 PART III 108 ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 108 ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 108 ITEM 19. EXHIBITS 108 Signatures 109 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements F-3 ii Table of Contents INTRODUCTION SAP SE is a European Company (Societas Europaea, or “SE”) and is referred to in this report, together with its subsidiaries, as SAP, or as “Company,” “Group,” “we,”
“our,” or “us.” In this report: (i) references to “US$,” “$,” or “dollars” are to U.S. dollars;
(ii) references to ‘‘ € ” or “euro” are to the euro. Our financial statements are denominated in euros, which
is the currency of our home country, Germany. Certain amounts that appear in this report may not add up because of differences due to rounding. Unless
otherwise specified herein, euro financial data have been converted into dollars at the noon buying rate in New York City for cable transfers in foreign currencies as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the
“Noon Buying Rate”) on December 31, 2015, which was US$1.0859 per € 1.00. No representation is made that such euro amounts
actually represent such dollar amounts or that such euro amounts could have been or can be converted into dollars at that or any other exchange rate on such date or on any other date. The rate used for the convenience translations also differs from
the currency exchange rates used for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. This convenience translation is not a requirement under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and, accordingly, our independent registered
public accounting firm has not audited these US$ amounts. For information regarding recent rates of exchange between euro and dollars, see “Item 3. Key Information – Exchange Rates.” On March 11, 2016, the Noon Buying Rate for
converting euro to dollars was US$1.1180 per € 1.00. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to ordinary shares are to SAP SE’s ordinary shares, without nominal value. References in this report to “ADRs” are to SAP SE’s
American Depositary Receipts, each representing one SAP ordinary share. References in this report to “ADSs” are to SAP SE’s American Depositary Shares, which are the deposited securities evidenced by the ADRs. SAP, ABAP, Adaptive Server, Advantage Database Server, Afaria, Ariba, Business ByDesign, BusinessObjects, ByDesign, Concur, Crystal Reports, ExpenseIt, Fieldglass,
hybris, PartnerEdge, PowerBuilder, PowerDesigner, Quadrem, R/3, Replication Server, SAP BusinessObjects Explorer, SAP Business Workflow, SAP EarlyWatch, SAP Fiori, SAP HANA, SAP Jam, SAP Lumira, SAP NetWeaver, SAP S/4HANA, SAPPHIRE, SAPPHIRE NOW,
SQL Anywhere, Sybase, SuccessFactors, The Best-Run Businesses Run SAP, TravelTrax, TripIt, TripLink, TwoGo, Web Intelligence and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP SE
(or an SAP affiliate company) in Germany and other countries. Throughout this report, whenever a reference is made to our website, such reference does
not incorporate by reference into this report the information contained on our website. We intend to make this report and other periodic reports
publicly available on our web site (www.sap.com) without charge immediately following our filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We assume no obligation to update or revise any part of this report, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions made by, our management using information
currently available to them. Any statements contained in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations, assumptions, and projections about future conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking statements and information are subject to uncertainties and risks. A broad range of uncertainties and risks, many of which
are beyond our control, could cause our actual results and performance to differ materially from any projections expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. The uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to: – Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets or political conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows and put pressure on our operating profit. – Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future, that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which could lead to damages being awarded against
us and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. – Claims and lawsuits against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation. – We may not be able to protect our critical information and assets or to safeguard our business operations against disruption. We describe these and other risks and uncertainties in the Risk Factors section. 1 Table of Contents If one or more of these uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management’s underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, our actual results could differ materially from those described in or inferred from our forward-looking statements and information. The
words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “counting on,” “is confident,” “development,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“forecast,” “future trends,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,”
“strategy,” “want,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions as they relate to us are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements include, for example, those made in the Operating
Results section, our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk pursuant to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and related statements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Expected Developments section; Risk Factors section; and other forward-looking information appearing in other parts of this report. To fully consider the factors that could affect our future financial results, both this report and our Annual Report
should be considered, as well as all of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date specified or the date
of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information that we receive about conditions that existed upon issuance of this report, future events, or otherwise unless we
are required to do so by law. This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and global economic trends that comes from information
published by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC), a provider of market information and advisory services for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets; the European Central Bank (ECB); and the
International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data represents only the estimates of IDC, ECB, IMF, and other sources of industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of the statistical information provided by sources such as IDC, ECB, IMF, or
other similar sources that is contained in this report. In addition, although we believe that data from these sources is generally reliable, this type of data is imprecise. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on this data. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM We
use various performance measures to help manage our performance with regard to our primary financial goals, which are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial goals, which are customer loyalty and employee engagement. We view growth and profitability as indicators for our current performance, while customer loyalty and employee engagement
are indicators for our future performance. Measures We Use to Manage Our Financial Performance Changes to Income Statement Structure Starting with the first quarter of 2015, we modified our overall income statement structure. We reclassified premium support revenue and related costs to the
respective services line items to align our financial reporting with the changes in our services business. We further simplified and clarified the labeling of several income statement line items. For more information about the changes to our income
statement structure, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (3). Measures We Use to Manage Our
Operating Financial Performance In 2015, we used the following key measures to manage our operating financial performance: Cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS): This revenue driver comprises the main revenues of our fast-growing cloud business. We generate cloud
subscriptions and support revenue when we provide software functionality in a cloud-based infrastructure (SaaS) to our customers, when we provide our customers with access to a cloud-based infrastructure to develop, run, and manage applications
(PaaS) and also when we provide hosting services for software hosted by SAP (IaaS). Cloud subscriptions and support revenue is also generated when providing additional premium cloud subscription support beyond the regular support, which is embedded
in the basic cloud subscription fees as well as business network services to our customers. We use the measure cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS) both at actual currency and at constant currency. Cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS): We use cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS) and constant currency cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS) to measure
our revenue growth. Our cloud and software revenue includes cloud subscriptions and support revenue plus software licenses and support revenue. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software revenue are our key revenue drivers because they
tend to affect our other revenue streams. Generally, customers that buy software licenses also enter into related support contracts, and these generate recurring revenue in the form of support revenue after the software sale. Support contracts cover
standardized support services that comprise unspecified future software updates and 2 Table of Contents enhancements. Software licenses revenue as well as cloud subscriptions and support revenue also tend to stimulate services revenue earned from providing customers with professional services,
premium support services, training services, messaging services, and payment services. New cloud bookings: For our cloud activities, we also
look at new cloud bookings. This measure reflects the committed order entry from new customers and from incremental purchases by existing customers for offerings that generate cloud subscriptions and support revenue. In this way, it is an indicator
for cloud-related sales success in a given period and for secured future cloud subscriptions and support revenue. We focus primarily on the average contract value variant of the new cloud bookings measure that takes into account annualized amounts
for multiyear contracts. Additionally, we monitor the total contract value variant of the new cloud bookings measure that takes into account the total committed order entry amounts regardless of contract durations. There are no comparable IFRS
measures for these bookings metrics. Operating profit (non-IFRS): We use operating profit (non-IFRS) and constant currency operating profit
(non-IFRS) to measure our overall operational process efficiency and overall business performance. See below for more information on the IFRS and non-IFRS measures we use. Cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS): We use our cloud subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS) to measure our process efficiency and our performance in our cloud business. Cloud
subscriptions and support gross margin (non-IFRS) is the ratio of our cloud subscriptions and support gross profit (non-IFRS) to cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS), expressed as a percentage. Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Operating Financial Performance We use the following measures to manage our non-operating financial performance: Financial income, net: This
measure provides insight into the return on liquid assets and capital investments and the cost of borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net, we focus on cash flow, the composition of our liquid assets and capital investment portfolio, and
the average rate of interest at which assets are invested. We also monitor average outstanding borrowings and associated finance costs. Days Sales
Outstanding (DSO): We manage working capital by controlling the days sales outstanding (DSO) for operating receivables (defined as the average number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt from the customer). Measures We Use to Manage Overall Financial Performance We use the following measures to manage our overall financial performance: Earnings per share (EPS): EPS
measures our overall performance because it captures all operating and non-operating elements of profit as well as income tax expense. It represents the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP share outstanding. EPS is influenced not only
by our operating and non-operating business as well as income taxes but also by the number of shares outstanding. Effective tax rate: We define
our effective tax rate as the ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax, expressed as a percentage. Operating, investing, and financing cash
flows and free cash flow: Our consolidated statement of cash flows provides insight as to how we generated and used cash and cash equivalents. When applied in conjunction with the other primary financial statements, it provides information that
helps us evaluate the changes of our net assets, our financial structure (including our liquidity and solvency), and our ability to affect the amounts and timing of cash flows to adapt to changing circumstances and opportunities. We use our free
cash flow measure to determine the cash flow remaining after all expenditures required to maintain or expand our organic business have been paid off. This measure provides management with supplemental information to assess our liquidity needs. We
calculate free cash flow as net cash from operating activities minus purchases (other than purchases made in connection with business combinations) of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment. Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Financial Performance In
2015, we used the following key measures to manage our non-financial performance in the areas of employee engagement, customer loyalty and leadership trust: Employee Engagement Index: We use this index to measure the motivation and loyalty of our employees, how proud they are of our company, and how strongly they identify with SAP. The index is derived from
surveys conducted among our employees. Applying this measure is recognition that our growth strategy depends on engaged employees. Customer Net
Promoter Score (NPS ) : This score
measures the willingness of our customers to 3 Table of Contents recommend or promote SAP to others. It is derived from our annual customer survey that identifies, on a scale of 0–10, whether a customer is loyal and likely to recommend SAP to friends or
colleagues, is neutral, or is unhappy. We introduced this measure in 2012, as we are convinced that we can achieve our financial goals only when our customers are loyal to, and satisfied with, SAP and our solutions. To derive the Customer NPS, we
start with the percentage of “promoters” of SAP – those who give us a score of 9 or 10 on a scale of 0–10. We then subtract the percentage of “detractors” – those who give us a score of 0 to 6. The method ignores
“passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8. Due to changes in sampling, resulting from ongoing efforts to implement the survey process holistically in recently acquired entities, the 2015 score is not fully comparable with the prior
year’s score. Leadership Trust
Score : We use this score to further
enhance accountability and to measure our collective effort to foster a work environment based on trust. It is derived from a question in our annual global employee survey that gauges employees’ trust in our leaders. We measure leadership trust
by using the Net Promoter Score (NPS) methodology. Value-Based Management Our holistic view of the performance measures described above, together with our associated analyses, comprises the information we use for value-based management. We use planning and control processes to manage the
compilation of these key measures and their availability to our decision makers across various management levels. SAP’s long-term strategic plans are the point of reference for our other planning and controlling processes,
including a multiyear plan through 2020. We identify future growth and profitability drivers at a highly aggregated level. This process is intended to identify the best areas in which to target sustained investment. Next, we evaluate our multiyear
plans for our support and development functions and break down the customer-facing plans by sales region. Based on our detailed annual plans, we determine the budget for the respective year. We also have processes in place to forecast revenue and
profit on a quarterly basis, to quantify whether we expect to realize our financial goals, and to identify any deviations from plan. We continuously monitor the concerned units in the Group to analyze these developments and define any appropriate
actions. Our entire network of planning, control, and reporting processes is implemented in integrated planning and information systems, based on SAP
software, across all organizational units so that we can conduct the evaluations and analyses needed to make informed decisions. Non-IFRS Financial
Measures Cited in This Report As in previous years, we provided our 2015 financial outlook on the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore,
this report contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual performance in 2015 against our outlook in the Performance Against Outlook for 2015 (Non-IFRS) section. 4 Table of Contents Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2015 and 2014 The following table reconciles our IFRS financial measures to the respective and most comparable non-IFRS financial measures of this report for each of 2015 and
2014. Due to rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in this table might not precisely equal the totals we provide. Reconciliation of IFRS to
Non-IFRS Financial Measures for the Years Ended December 31 € millions,
 unless otherwise stated 2015 2014 IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Impact Non-IFRS Constant Currency IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Revenue measures Cloud subscriptions and support 2,286 10 2,296 – 297 1,999 1,087 14 1,101 Software licenses 4,835 1 4,836 – 255 4,581 4,399 0 4,399 Software support 10,093 0 10,094 – 678 9,416 8,829 5 8,834 Software licenses and support 14,928 2 14,930 – 933 13,997 13,228 5 13,233 Cloud and software 17,214 11 17,226 – 1,230 15,996 14,315 19 14,334 Services 3,579 0 3,579 – 276 3,304 3,245 0 3,245 Total revenue 20,793 11 20,805 – 1,505 19,299 17,560 19 17,580 Operating expense measures Cost of cloud subscriptions and support – 1,022 232 – 789 – 481 88 – 393 Cost of software licenses and support – 2,291 283 – 2,008 – 2,076 258 – 1,818 Cost of cloud and software – 3,313 516 – 2,797 – 2,557 346 – 2,211 Cost of services – 3,313 180 – 3,133 – 2,716 125 – 2,590 Total cost of revenue – 6,626 696 – 5,930 – 5,272 471 – 4,801 Gross profit 14,167 707 14,874 12,288 490 12,778 Research and development – 2,845 202 – 2,643 – 2,331 127 – 2,204 Sales and marketing – 5,401 449 – 4,952 – 4,304 170 – 4,134 General and administration – 1,048 116 – 932 – 892 86 – 806 Restructuring – 621 621 0 – 126 126 0 TomorrowNow and Versata litigation 0 0 0 – 309 309 0 Other operating income/expense, net 1 0 1 4 0 4 Total operating expenses – 16,541 2,084 – 14,457 1,062 – 13,395 – 13,230 1,288 – 11,942 Operating profit 4,252 2,095 6,348 – 443 5,904 4,331 1,307 5,638 5 Table of Contents Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures We disclose certain financial measures, such as revenue (non-IFRS), operating expenses (non-IFRS), operating profit (non-IFRS), operating margin (non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS), as well as constant
currency revenue, expense, and profit that are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are therefore considered non-IFRS financial measures. Our non-IFRS financial measures may not correspond to non-IFRS financial measures that other companies
report. The non-IFRS financial measures that we report should only be considered in addition to, and not as substitutes for or superior to, our IFRS financial measures. We believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful information to investors because management uses this information, in addition to financial data
prepared in accordance with IFRS, to attain a more transparent understanding of our past performance and our anticipated future results. We use the revenue (non-IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures consistently in our internal planning and
forecasting, reporting, and compensation, as well as in our external communications, as follows: – Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial, strategic, and operating decisions. – The variable components of our Executive Board members’ and employees’ remuneration are based on revenue (non-IFRS), operating profit (non-IFRS), as
well as new cloud bookings measures rather than the respective IFRS measures. – The annual budgeting process for all management units is based on revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS) numbers rather than the respective IFRS
financial measures. – All forecast and performance reviews with all senior managers globally are based on these non-IFRS measures, rather than the respective IFRS financial measures. – Both our internal performance targets and the guidance we provided to the capital markets are based on revenue (non-IFRS) and profit (non-IFRS) measures rather
than the respective IFRS financial measures. Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on the items below, as well as
adjustments for the related income tax effects. Revenue (Non-IFRS) Revenue items identified as revenue (non-IFRS) have been adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures by including the full amount of software support
revenue, cloud subscriptions and support revenue, and other similarly recurring revenue that we are not permitted to record as revenue under IFRS due to fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at the time of the respective acquisitions. Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS software support revenue, IFRS cloud
subscriptions and support revenue, IFRS cloud and software revenue, and IFRS total revenue for periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect the full amount of revenue that would have been recorded by entities acquired by SAP had they remained
stand-alone entities. Adjusting revenue numbers for this revenue impact provides additional insight into the comparability of our ongoing performance across periods. Operating Expense (Non-IFRS) Operating expense numbers
that are identified as operating expenses (non-IFRS) have been adjusted by excluding the following expenses: – Acquisition-related charges ¡ Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone acquisitions of intellectual property (including
purchased in-process research and development) ¡ Settlements of preexisting business relationships in connection with a business combination ¡ Acquisition-related third-party expenses – Expenses from the TomorrowNow litigation (formerly labeled as “discontinued activities”) and the Versata litigation cases – Share-based payment expenses – Restructuring expenses We exclude certain
acquisition-related expenses for the purpose of calculating operating profit (non-IFRS), operating margin (non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) when evaluating SAP’s continuing operational performance because these expenses generally
cannot be changed or influenced by management after the relevant acquisition other than by disposing of the acquired assets. Since management at levels below the Executive Board does not influence these expenses, we generally do not consider these
expenses for the purpose of evaluating the performance of management units. Additionally, these non-IFRS measures have been adjusted from the respective IFRS measures for the results of the share-based payment expenses and restructuring expenses, as
well as the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation expenses. Operating Profit (Non-IFRS), Operating
Margin (Non-IFRS), and Earnings per Share (Non-IFRS) Operating profit, operating margin, and earnings per share identified as operating profit
(non-IFRS), operating margin (non-IFRS), and earnings per share (non-IFRS) 6 Table of Contents have been adjusted from the respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the aforementioned revenue (non-IFRS) and operating expenses (non-IFRS). Constant Currency Information We believe it is important for investors to have information that provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures determined under IFRS provide information that is useful in this regard. However, both sales
volume and currency effects impact period-over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not sell standardized units of products and services, so we cannot provide relevant information on sales volume by providing data on the changes in product and
service units sold. To provide additional information that may be useful to investors in breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we present information about our revenue and various values and components relating to operating profit
that are adjusted for foreign currency effects. We calculate constant currency revenue and operating profit measures by translating foreign currencies
using the average exchange rates from the comparative period instead of the current period. Free
Cash Flow The following table shows our free cash flow measure. We use this measure among others to manage our overall financial performance. Free Cash Flow € millions 2015 2014 in % Net cash flows from operating activities 3,638 3,499 4 Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment (without acquisitions) –636 –737 –14 Free cash flow 3,001 2,762 9 Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors for the following reasons: – Our revenue (non-IFRS), expense (non-IFRS), and profit (non-IFRS) measures provide investors with insight into management’s decision making because
management uses these non-IFRS measures to run our business and make financial, strategic, and operating decisions. We include the revenue adjustments outlined above and exclude the expense adjustments outlined above when making decisions to
allocate resources. In addition, we use these non-IFRS measures to gain a better understanding of SAP’s operating performance from period to period. – The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional information that enables a comparison of year-over-year operating performance by eliminating certain
direct effects of acquisitions, share-based compensation plans, restructuring plans, and the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation cases. – Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS measures may facilitate comparison with our
competitors’ corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures. Limitations of Non-IFRS Measures We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described above have limitations, including but not limited to, the following: – The eliminated amounts could be material to us. – Without being analyzed in conjunction with the corresponding IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are not indicative of our present and future performance,
foremost for the following reasons: ¡ While our profit (non-IFRS) numbers reflect the elimination of certain acquisition-related expenses, no eliminations are made for the additional revenue or other
income that results from the acquisitions. ¡ While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the acquired entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not adjust for the fair value accounting of
deferred compensation items that result from commissions paid to the acquired company’s sales force and third parties for closing the respective customer contracts. ¡ The acquisition-related charges that we eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are likely to recur should SAP enter into material business
combinations in the future. Similarly, the restructuring expenses that we eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers are likely to recur should SAP perform restructurings in the future. ¡ The acquisition-related amortization expense that we eliminate in deriving our profit (non-IFRS) numbers is a recurring expense that will impact our financial
performance in future years. ¡ The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of the acquired entities’ contracts and the expense adjustment for acquisition-related charges do not
arise from a common conceptual basis. This is because the revenue adjustment aims to improve the comparability of the initial post-acquisition period with future post-acquisition periods, while the expense adjustment aims to improve the
comparability between post-acquisition periods and pre-acquisition periods. This should particularly be considered when 7 Table of Contents evaluating our operating profit (non-IFRS) and operating margin (non-IFRS) numbers as these combine our revenue (non-IFRS) and expenses (non-IFRS) despite the absence of a common conceptual
basis. ¡ Our restructuring charges could result in significant cash outflows. The same applies to our share-based payment expense because most of our share-based payments
are settled in cash rather than shares. ¡ The valuation of our cash-settled share-based payments could vary significantly from period to period due to the fluctuation of our share price and other
parameters used in the valuation of these plans. ¡ In the past, we have issued share-based payment awards to our employees every year and we intend to continue doing so in the future. Thus, our share-based
payment expenses are recurring although the amounts usually change from period to period. We believe that constant currency measures
have limitations, particularly as the currency effects that are eliminated constitute a significant element of our revenue and expenses and could materially impact our performance. Therefore, we limit our use of constant currency measures to the
analysis of changes in volume as one element of the full change in a financial measure. We do not evaluate our results and performance without considering both constant currency measures in revenue (non-IFRS) and operating profit (non-IFRS) measures on the one hand, and changes in
revenue, operating expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS on the other. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering constant currency
measures only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. Despite these limitations, we believe that the presentation of the non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures, together with the relevant
reconciliations, provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. We do not evaluate our growth and performance without considering
both non-IFRS measures and the comparable IFRS measures. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering our non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, revenue or
other measures of our financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. 8 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE Not applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The
following table sets forth our selected consolidated financial data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2015. The consolidated financial data has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with,
our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS), presented in “Item 18. Financial Statements” of this report. Our selected financial data and our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in euros. Financial data as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2015 has been translated into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the reader. 9 Table of Contents Selected Financial Data: IFRS millions, unless otherwise stated 2015 (1) US$ 2015 € 2014 € 2013 € 2012 € 2011 € Income Statement Data: Years ended December 31, Cloud subscriptions and support 2,482 2,286 1,087 696 270 18 Software licenses and support 16,210 14,928 13,228 12,809 12,532 11,012 Cloud and software 18,693 17,214 14,315 13,505 12,801 11,030 Total revenue 22,579 20,793 17,560 16,815 16,223 14,233 Operating profit 4,618 4,252 4,331 4,479 4,041 4,884 Profit after tax 3,318 3,056 3,280 3,325 2,803 3,437 Profit attributable to owners of parent 3,327 3,064 3,280 3,326 2,803 3,435 Earnings per share (2) Basic in € 2.78 2.56 2.75 2.79 2.35 2.89 Diluted in € 2.78 2.56 2.74 2.78 2.35 2.89 Other Data: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Basic 1,197 1,197 1,195 1,193 1,192 1,189 Diluted 1,198 1,198 1,197 1,195 1,193 1,190 Statement of Financial Position Data: At December 31, Cash and cash equivalents 3,704 3,411 3,328 2,748 2,477 4,965 Total
assets (3) 44,945 41,390 38,565 27,091 26,306 23,227 Current financial
liabilities (4) 913 841 2,561 748 802 1,331 Non-current financial
liabilities (4) 9,427 8,681 8,980 3,758 4,446 2,925 Issued capital 1,334 1,229 1,229 1,229 1,229 1,228 Total equity 25,296 23,295 19,534 16,048 14,133 12,689 (1) Amounts presented in US$ have been translated for the convenience of the reader at € 1.00 to US$1.0859, the Noon Buying Rate for converting € 1.00 into dollars on December 31,
2015. See “Item 3. Key Information – Exchange Rates” for recent exchange rates between the Euro and the dollar. (2) Profit attributable
to owners of parent is the numerator and weighted average number of shares outstanding is the denominator in the calculation of earnings per share. See Note (11) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on earnings per
share. (3) The large increase in total assets from 2011 to 2012 was mainly due to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba in 2012, whereas the
large increase in total assets from 2013 to 2014 was mainly due to the acquisition of Concur. (4) The balances include primarily bonds, private
placements and bank loans. Current is defined as having a remaining life of one year or less; non-current is defined as having a remaining term exceeding one year. The significant increase in non-current financial liabilities in 2012 was due to the
issuance of a U.S. private placement transaction and Eurobonds in the course of the acquisition of Ariba. The significant increase from 2013 to 2014 was due to a long-term bank loan and the issuance of a three-tranche Eurobond, both in connection
with the Concur acquisition. See Note (17b) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our financial liabilities. 10 Table of Contents EXCHANGE RATES The sales prices for our ordinary shares traded on German stock exchanges are denominated in euro. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the euro and the U.S. dollar affect the dollar equivalent of the euro
price of the ordinary shares traded on the German stock exchanges and, as a result, may affect the price of the ADRs traded on the NYSE in the United States. See “Item 9. The Offer and Listing” for a description of the ADRs. In addition,
SAP SE pays cash dividends, if any, in euro. As a result, any exchange rate fluctuations will also affect the dollar amounts received by the holders of ADRs on the conversion into dollars of cash dividends paid in euro on the ordinary shares
represented by the ADRs. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the depositary (the Depositary) for SAP SE’s ADR program. The deposit agreement with respect to the ADRs requires the Depositary to convert any dividend payments from euro into
dollars as promptly as practicable upon receipt. For additional information on the Depositary and the fees associated with SAP’s ADR program see “Item 12. Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities – American Depositary
Shares.” For details on the impact of exchange rate fluctuations see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Exposure”. The following table sets forth (i) the average, high and low Noon Buying Rates for the euro expressed as
U.S. dollars per € 1.00 for the past five years on an annual basis and (ii) the high and low Noon Buying Rates on a monthly basis from
July 2015 through and including March 11, 2016. Year Average (1) High Low 2011 1.4002 1.4875 1.2926 2012 1.2909 1.3463 1.2062 2013 1.3303 1.3816 1.2774 2014 1.3210 1.3927 1.2101 2015 1.1032 1.2015 1.0524 Month High Low 2015 July 1.1150 1.0848 August 1.1580 1.0868 September 1.1358 1.1104 October 1.1437 1.0963 November 1.1026 1.0562 December 1.1025 1.0573 2016 January 1.0964 1.0743 February 1.1362 1.0868 March (through March 11, 2016) 1.1180 1.0845 (1) The average of the applicable Noon Buying Rates on the last day of each month during the relevant period. The Noon Buying Rate on March 11, 2016 was US$1.1180 per € 1.00. DIVIDENDS Dividend Distribution Policy Dividends are jointly proposed by SAP SE’s Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat)
and Executive Board (Vorstand) based on SAP SE’s year-end stand-alone statutory financial statements, subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Dividends are officially declared for the prior year at SAP SE’s
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. SAP SE’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders usually convenes during the second quarter of each year. Dividends are usually remitted to the custodian bank on behalf of the shareholder within one
business day following the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Record holders of the ADRs on the dividend record date will be entitled to receive payment of the dividend declared in respect of the year for which it is declared. Cash dividends
payable to such holders will be paid to the Depositary in euro and, subject to certain exceptions, will be converted by the Depositary into U.S. dollars. Dividends paid to holders of the ADRs may be subject to German withholding tax. See “Item 8. Financial Information – Other Financial Information
– Dividend Policy” and “Item 10. Additional Information – Taxation,” for further information. Annual Dividends Paid and
Proposed The following table sets forth in euro the annual dividends paid or proposed to be paid per ordinary share in respect of each of the years
indicated. One SAP ADR currently represents one SAP SE ordinary share. 11 Table of Contents Accordingly, the final dividend per ADR is equal to the dividend for one SAP SE ordinary share and is dependent on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate. The table does not reflect tax credits that
may be available to German taxpayers who receive dividend payments. If you own our ordinary shares or ADRs and if you are a U.S. resident, refer to “Item 10. Additional Information – Taxation,” for further information. Year Ended December 31, Dividend Paid per Ordinary Share € US$ 2011 1.10 (2) 1.38 (1) 2012 0.85 1.11 (1) 2013 1.00 1.37 (1) 2014 1.10 1.22 (1) 2015(proposed) 1.15 (3) 1.29 (3 ),(4) (1) Translated for the convenience of the reader from euro into U.S. dollars at the Noon Buying Rate for converting euro into U.S. dollars on the dividend payment
date. The Depositary is required to convert any dividend payments received from SAP as promptly as practicable upon receipt. (2)
Thereof a special dividend of € 0.35 per share to celebrate our
40 th anniversary. (3) Subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders of SAP SE currently scheduled to be held on May 12, 2016. (4) Translated for the convenience of the reader from euro into U.S. dollars
at the Noon Buying Rate for converting euro into U.S. dollars on March 11, 2016 of US$1.1180 per € 1.00. The dividend paid may differ
due to changes in the exchange rate. The amount of dividends paid on the ordinary shares depends on the amount of profits to be distributed by SAP SE,
which depends in part upon our financial performance. In addition, the amount of dividends received by holders of ADRs may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates (see “Item 3. Key Information – Exchange Rates”). The timing,
declaration, amount and payment of any future dividend will depend upon our future earnings, capital needs and other relevant factors, in each case as proposed by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of SAP SE and approved by the Annual
General Meeting of Shareholders. RISK FACTORS Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risk Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, or
political conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, as well as cash flows, and put pressure on our operating profit. Our business is influenced by multiple risk factors that are both difficult to predict and beyond our influence and control. These factors include global economic and business conditions, and fluctuations in national currencies. Other examples are political developments and general regulations as well as
budgetary constraints or shifts in spending priorities of national governments. Macroeconomic developments, such as financial market volatility
episodes, global economic crises, chronic fiscal imbalances, slowing economic conditions, or disruptions in emerging markets, could limit our customers’ ability and willingness to invest in our solutions or delay purchases. In addition, changes
in the euro conversion rates for particular currencies might have an adverse effect on business activities with local customers and partners. Furthermore, political instabilities in regions such as the Middle East and Africa, political crises (such
as in Greece or Ukraine), natural disasters, pandemic diseases (such as Ebola in West Africa) and terrorist attacks (such as the attacks in Paris, France, in November 2015) could contribute to economic and political uncertainty. These events could reduce the demand for SAP software and services, and lead to: – Delays in purchases, decreased deal size, or cancellations of proposed investments – Potential lawsuits from customers due to denied provision of service as a result of sanctioned-party lists or export control issues – Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability to finance software purchases – Increased number of bankruptcies among customers, business partners, and key suppliers – Increased default risk, which may lead to significant impairment charges in the future – Market disruption from aggressive competitive behavior, acquisitions, or business practices – Increased price competition and demand for cheaper products and services Any one or more of these developments could reduce our ability to sell and deliver our software and services which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Our international business activities and processes expose us to numerous and often conflicting laws and regulations, policies, standards or other
requirements and sometimes even conflicting regulatory requirements, and to risks that could harm our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. We are a global company and currently market our products and services in more than 180 countries and territories in the Americas (Latin America and North America); Asia Pacific Japan (APJ); China, Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan (Greater China); Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Middle and Eastern Europe (MEE) regions. Our business in these countries is subject 12 Table of Contents to numerous risks inherent in international business operations. Among others, these risks include: – Data protection and privacy regulation regarding access by government authorities to customer, partner, or employee data – Data residency requirements (the requirement to store certain data only in and, in some cases, also to access such data only from within a certain jurisdiction) – Conflict and overlap among tax regimes – Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in certain countries – Expenses associated with the localization of our products and compliance with local regulatory requirements – Discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies – Operational difficulties in countries with a high corruption perceptions index – Protectionist trade policies, import and export regulations, and trade sanctions and embargoes – Works councils, labor unions, and immigration laws in different countries – Difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions – Country-specific software certification requirements – Challenges with effectively managing a large distribution network of third-party companies – Compliance with various industry standards (such as Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) As we expand into new countries and markets, these risks could intensify. The application of these laws and regulations to our business is sometimes unclear,
subject to change over time, and often conflict among jurisdictions. Additionally, these laws and government approaches to enforcement are continuing to change and evolve, just as our products and services continually evolve. Compliance with these
varying laws and regulations could involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices. Non-compliance could result in the imposition of penalties or cessation of orders due to alleged non-compliant activity. One or more
of these factors could have an adverse effect on our operations globally or in one or more countries or regions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Social and political instability caused by state-based conflicts, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international hostilities, as well as pandemic
disease outbreaks or natural disasters, may disrupt SAP’s business operations. Terrorist attacks (such as the attacks in Paris in November
2015) as well as other acts of violence or war, civil, religious, and political unrest (such as in Ukraine, Israel, Syria, and in other parts of the Middle East, Libya, and in other parts of Africa); natural disasters (such as hurricanes, flooding, or similar events); or pandemic diseases (such as Ebola in West Africa) could have a significant adverse effect on the local economy and beyond. Such an event could lead,
for example, to the loss of a significant number of our employees, or to the disruption or disablement of operations at our locations, and could affect our ability to provide business services and maintain effective business operations. Furthermore,
this could have a significant adverse effect on our partners as well as our customers and their investment decisions, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Market Risks Our established customers might not buy
additional software solutions, subscribe to our cloud offerings, renew maintenance agreements, purchase additional professional services, or they might switch to other products or service offerings (including competitive products). In 2015, we continued to depend materially on the success of our support portfolio and on our ability to deliver high-quality services. Traditionally, our large
installed customer base generates additional new software, maintenance, consulting, and training revenue. Despite the high quality and service level of our transformed and expanded service offering in the area of premium support services, we may be
unable to meet customer expectations with regards to delivery and value proposition. This may lead to a potentially adverse impact on customer experience. Existing customers might cancel or not renew their maintenance contracts, decide not to buy
additional products and services, not subscribe to our cloud offerings, or accept alternative offerings from other vendors. In addition, the increasing volume in our cloud business as well as the conversion of traditional on-premise licenses to
cloud subscriptions licenses could have a potential negative impact on our software and maintenance revenue streams. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. The success of our cloud computing strategy depends on market perception and an increasing market adoption of our cloud solutions and managed cloud services.
Insufficient adoption of our solutions and services could lead to a loss of SAP’s position as a leading cloud company. The market for cloud
computing is increasing and shows strong growth relative to the market for our on-premise solutions. To offer a broad cloud service portfolio and generate the associated business value for our customers, we have acquired cloud computing companies
such as Ariba, Concur, Fieldglass, and SuccessFactors. Due to ongoing contracts and previous 13 Table of Contents substantial investments to integrate traditional on-premise enterprise software into their businesses, as well as concerns about data protection, security capabilities, and reliability, customers
and partners might be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to the cloud. Other factors that could affect the market acceptance of cloud solutions and
services include: – Concerns with entrusting a third-party to store and manage critical employee or company confidential data – Customer concerns about security capabilities and reliability – Customer concerns about the ability to scale operations for large enterprise customers – The level of configurability or customizability of the software – Missing integration scenarios between on-premise products and cloud-to-cloud solutions – Failure to securely and successfully deliver cloud services by any cloud service provider could have a negative impact on customer trust in cloud solutions – Strategic alliances among our competitors in the cloud area could lead to significantly increased competition in the market with regards to pricing and ability
to integrate solutions – Failure to get the full commitment of our partners might reduce speed and impact in the market reach If organizations do not perceive the benefits of cloud computing, the market for cloud business might not develop further, or it may develop more slowly than we
expect, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, reputation and cash flows. Our market share and
profit could decline due to increased competition, market consolidation and technological innovation as well as new business models in the software industry. The software industry continues to evolve rapidly and is currently undergoing a significant shift due to innovations in the areas of enterprise mobility, cybersecurity, Big Data, hyperconnectivity, the Internet of
Things, digitization, supercomputing, cloud computing, and social media. While smaller innovative companies tend to create new markets continuously and expand their reach through mergers, large traditional IT vendors tend to enter such markets
mostly through acquisitions. SAP faces increased competition in our business environment from traditional as well as new competitors. This competition could cause price pressure, cost increases, and loss of market share, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Additionally, related to our Applications, Technology, and Services segment, customers could change their buying
behavior by accelerating their acceptance of cloud solutions to reduce their investments, which might have a temporary adverse effect on our operating results. Furthermore, the trend in the market to invest more in cloud solutions might lead to a
risk of the potential loss of existing on-premise customers. It may also have a temporary adverse effect on our revenue due to the number of conversions from on-premise licenses to cloud subscriptions from existing SAP customers in our installed
base, as we recognize cloud subscriptions revenue over the respective service provision, and that typically ranges from one-to-three years with some up to five years. Business Strategy Risks Demand for our new solutions may not develop as planned and our strategy on new
business models and flexible consumption models may not be successful. Our business consists of new software licenses, software license updates,
and support and maintenance fees as well as of cloud subscriptions. Our customers are expecting to take advantage of technological breakthroughs from SAP without compromising their previous IT investments. However, the introduction of new SAP
solutions, technologies, and business models as well as delivery and consumption models is subject to uncertainties as to whether customers will be able to perceive the additional value and realize the expected benefits we deliver along our road
maps. There is a risk that such uncertainties may lead customers to wait for proof of concept through reference customers or more mature versions first, which might result in a lower level of adoption of our new solutions, technologies, business
models, and flexible consumption models, or no adoption at all. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Though downturns or upturns in cloud sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results, any decline in our customer renewals would harm the future operating results of our cloud business. We recognize cloud subscriptions revenue as we provide the respective services, which typically range from one-to-three years with some up to five
years. This revenue recognition and our increasing subscription revenues could have a temporary adverse effect on our financial position, profit, and cash flows. To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud business, it is important that our customers renew their agreements with us when the initial contract term expires and purchase additional modules or
additional 14 Table of Contents capacities. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the initial subscription period, and we cannot assure that customers will renew subscriptions at the same or at a
higher level of service, or at all. Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our cloud solution and services portfolio; our ability to efficiently
provide cloud services according to customer expectations and meeting the service level agreements, service availability and provisioning, the integration capabilities of our cloud solutions into their existing IT environment (including hybrid
solutions combining both cloud and on-premise solutions); our customer support; concerns regarding stable, efficient, and secure cloud operations and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; our pricing; the pricing of competing products
or services; mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base; global economic conditions; and reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on terms less favorable to us, or fail to purchase additional modules or users, our revenue and billings
will decline, and we may not realize significantly improved operating results from our customer base. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. If we are unable to scale and enhance an effective partner ecosystem, revenue might not increase as expected. An open and vibrant partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into partnership agreements that drive
co-innovation on our platforms, profitably expand all our routes to market to optimize market coverage, optimize cloud delivery, and provide high-quality services capacity in all market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market adoption
of our entire solutions portfolio, by co-innovating on our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling and/or implementing our software. If
partners consider our products or services model less strategic and/or financially less attractive compared to our competition and/or less appropriate for their respective channel and target market, if partners fear direct competition by SAP or if
SAP fails to establish and enable a network of qualified partners meeting our quality requirements and the requirements of our customers, then, among other things, partners might not: – Develop a sufficient number of new solutions and content on our platforms – Provide high-quality products and services to meet customer expectations – Drive growth of references by creating customer use cases and demo systems – Embed our solutions sufficiently enough to profitably drive product adoption, especially with innovations such as SAP S/4HANA and SAP HANA Cloud Platform – Enable and train sufficient resources to promote, sell, and support to scale to targeted markets – Comply with applicable laws and regulations, resulting in delayed, disrupted, or terminated sales and services – Transform their business model in accordance with the transformation of SAP’s business model in a timely manner – Renew their existing agreements with us or enter into new agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all – Provide ability and capacity to meet customer expectations regarding service provisioning. If one or more of these risks materialize, this may have an adverse effect on the demand for our products and services as well as the partner’s loyalty and
ability to deliver. As a result, we may not be able to scale our business to compete successfully with other software vendors, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Human Capital Risks If we do not effectively manage our
geographically dispersed workforce, we may not be able to run our business efficiently and successfully. Our success is dependent on appropriate
alignment of our internal and external workforce planning processes and our location strategy with our general strategy. It is critical that we manage our internationally dispersed workforce effectively, taking short- and long-term workforce and
skill requirements into consideration. This applies to the management of our internal as well as our external workforce. Changes in headcount and infrastructure needs as well as local legal or tax regulations could result in a mismatch between our
expenses and revenue. Failure to manage our geographically dispersed workforce effectively could hinder our ability to run our business efficiently and successfully and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows. If we are unable to attract, develop, and retain leaders and employees with specialized knowledge and technology skills, or are unable
to achieve internal diversity and inclusion objectives, we might not be able to manage our operations effectively and successfully, or develop successful new solutions and services. Our highly qualified workforce is the foundation for our continued success. In certain regions and specific technology and solution areas, we continue to set very 15 Table of Contents high growth targets, specifically in countries and regions such as Africa, China, Latin America, and the Middle East. In the execution of SAP’s strategic priorities, we depend on highly
skilled and specialized personnel and leaders, both male and female. Successful maintenance and expansion of our highly skilled and specialized workforce in the area of cloud is a key success factor for our transition to be the leading cloud
company. The availability of such personnel is limited and, as a result, competition in our industry is intense and could expose us to claims by other companies seeking to prevent their employees from working for a competitor. If we are unable to
identify, attract, develop, motivate, adequately compensate, and retain well-qualified and engaged personnel, or if existing highly skilled and specialized personnel leave SAP and ready successors or adequate replacements are not available, we may
not be able to manage our operations effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Furthermore, we may not be able to develop, sell, or implement successful new solutions and
services as planned. This is particularly true as we continue to introduce new and innovative technology offerings and expand our business in emerging markets. The lack of appropriate or inadequately executed benefit and compensation programs could
limit SAP’s ability to attract or retain qualified employees and lead to financial losses. In addition, we might not be able to achieve our internal gender diversity objectives to increase the number of women in management from 18% in 2010 to
25% by 2017. Organizational and Governance-Related Risks Laws and regulatory requirements in Germany, the United States, and elsewhere have become much more stringent. As a European company domiciled in Germany with securities listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to European, German, U.S., and other
governance-related regulatory requirements. Changes in laws and regulations and related interpretations, including changes in accounting standards and taxation requirements, and increased enforcement actions and penalties may alter the business
environment in which we operate. Regulatory requirements have become significantly more stringent in recent years, and some legislation, such as the anticorruption legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act,
and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments by employees, vendors, distributors, or agents, is being applied more rigorously. Emerging markets are a significant focus of our international growth strategy. The nature of these markets presents a
number of inherent risks. A failure by SAP to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or any related allegations of wrongdoing against us, whether merited or not, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows and reputation. Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of SAP’s customers with respect to our
products and services could lead to civil liabilities and fines, as well as loss of customers and damage to SAP’s reputation. As a global
software and service provider, SAP is required to comply with local laws wherever SAP does business. Consequently, we must ensure that any legal requirements in connection with the provision of products and services are properly implemented. With
regards to data protection requirements, significant changes are expected subject to the upcoming European Data Protection Regulation. Furthermore, SAP is affected by the consequences of the decision of the European Court of Justice (ECJ), which
declared Safe Harbor invalid, so that data transfers from within the European Union (EU) to the United States are no longer permitted based on Safe Harbor. This means that acquired SAP affiliates that have not already implemented the requirements
for data transfers based on the Standard Contractual Clauses will have to implement these requirements immediately. However, this will be ensured by the implementation of the new Intra Group Agreement that provides a data protection level at the
Standard Contractual Clauses within the SAP Group. These laws and regulations amend and supplement existing requirements regarding the processing of personal data that SAP and SAP customers must fulfill and which we must consequently address with
our products and services, including cloud delivery. Failure to comply with applicable laws or to adequately address privacy concerns of customers, even if unfounded, could lead to investigations by supervisory authorities, civil liability, fines,
(in the future, potentially calculated based on the Company’s annual revenue), loss of customers, damage to our reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Further, recent landmark decisions by the ECJ on data protection matters, as well as official statements made by the European data protection supervisory
authorities, require SAP to carefully review our globalized business practices. Most importantly, the ECJ on October 6, 2015, ruled that data transfers by European companies to data processors in the United States can no longer be based on Safe
Harbor. While SAP has not widely relied upon Safe Harbor, the data protection supervisory authorities have challenged the legality of other transfer mechanisms, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses used by SAP, on the same grounds by which the
ECJ has declared Safe Harbor invalid. The data protection 16 Table of Contents supervisory authorities have threatened to start enforcement activities as early as end of January 2016 against European companies that still transfer data to the United States (or grant U.S.
companies remote access to systems containing personal data in the EU) based on a transfer mechanism that the authorities consider invalid. Enforcement activities against SAP or against SAP customers because of services and products that SAP
provides with the help of our U.S.-based entities and/or U.S.-based suppliers could lead to fines, civil liability, loss of customers, and damage to our reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows. It is conceivable that data transfers to further countries that do not provide a level of data protection and privacy comparable to the
European level may be challenged, too. Failure to meet customer, partner, or other stakeholder expectations or generally accepted standards on
climate change, energy constraints, and our social investment strategy could negatively impact SAP’s business, results of operations, and reputation. Energy and emissions management are an integral component of our holistic management of social, environmental, and economic risks and opportunities. We have identified risks in these major areas: – Our solutions – Our own operations – energy management and other environmental issues such as carbon management, water use, and waste Because our customers, employees, and investors expect a reliable energy and carbon strategy, we have reemphasized our previously communicated targets, especially
our 2020 target for greenhouse gas emissions. In case these targets cannot be achieved, our customers might no longer recognize SAP for our environmental leadership and might buy other vendors’ products and services. Consequently, we could fail
to achieve our revenue target. If we do not meet stakeholder expectations in the areas identified, our rating in sustainable investment indexes might decrease, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. Unethical behavior and non-compliance with our integrity standards due to intentional and fraudulent employee behavior could
seriously harm our business, financial position, profit, and reputation. SAP’s leadership position in the global market is founded on the
long-term and sustainable trust of our stakeholders worldwide. Our heritage is one of corporate transparency, open communication with financial markets, and adherence to recognized standards of business integrity. The SAP Code of Business Conduct, adopted by the Executive Board on January 29, 2003, and updated as necessary since then, memorialized and supplemented the already
existing guidelines and expectations for the business behavior practiced at SAP. However, we may encounter unethical behavior and non-compliance with
our integrity standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior of individual employees, possibly in collusion with external third parties. In addition to intentional behavior, problems could also arise due to negligence in the adherence to rules
and regulations. Unethical behavior and misconduct attributable to SAP could not only lead to criminal charges, fines, and claims by injured parties, but also to financial loss, and severe reputational damage. This could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Principal shareholders may be able to exert control over our future direction and
operations. If SAP SE’s principal shareholders and the holdings of entities controlled by them vote in the same manner, this could delay,
prevent or facilitate a change in control of SAP or other significant changes to SAP SE or its capital structure. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related-Party Transactions – Major Shareholders” for further information. U.S. judgments may be difficult or impossible to enforce against us or our Board members. Currently, except for Bill McDermott and Robert Enslin, all members of SAP SE’s Executive Board and all members of the Supervisory Board are non-residents of
the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of SAP and our Board members are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the United States upon non-U.S. resident persons or
SAP or to enforce against non-U.S. resident persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States. In addition, awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the
United States or elsewhere might be unenforceable in Germany. Communication and Information Risks Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information might not be effective. Confidential information and internal information related to topics such as our strategy, new technologies, mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial
results, or personal data, could be prematurely or inadvertently disclosed and subsequently lead to market 17 Table of Contents misperception and volatility. This could require us to notify multiple regulatory agencies and comply with applicable regulatory requirements and, where appropriate, the data owner, which could
result in a loss of reputation for SAP. For example, leaked information during a merger or acquisition deal could cause the loss of our deal target, or our share price could react significantly in case of prematurely published financial results.
This could have an adverse effect on our market position and lead to fines and penalties. In addition, this could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Financial Risks Our sales are subject to quarterly
fluctuations and our sales forecasts may not be accurate. Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in the past, sometimes
substantially, from quarter to quarter. Our revenue in general, and our software revenue in particular, is difficult to forecast for a number of reasons, including: – The relatively long sales cycles for our products – The large size, complexity, and extended timing of individual customer transactions – The introduction of licensing and deployment models such as cloud subscription models – The timing of the introduction of new products or product enhancements by SAP or our competitors – Changes in customer budgets – Decreased software sales that could have an adverse effect on related maintenance and services revenue – The timing, size, and length of customers’ services projects – Deployment models that require the recognition of revenue over an extended period of time – Adoption of, and conversion to, new business models leading to changed or delayed payment terms – Seasonality of a customers’ technology purchases – Limited visibility during the ongoing integration of acquired companies into their ability to accurately predict their sales pipelines and the likelihood that
the projected pipeline will convert favorably into sales – Other general economic, social, environmental, and market conditions, such as a global economic crisis and difficulties for countries with large debt Since many of our customers make their IT purchasing decisions near the end of calendar quarters, and with a significant percentage
of those decisions being made during our fourth quarter, even a small delay in purchasing decisions for our on-premise software could have an adverse effect on our revenue results for a given year. Our dependence on large transactions has decreased
in recent years with a trend towards an increased number of transactions coupled with a decrease in deal size. However, the loss or delay of one or a few large opportunities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. External factors could impact our liquidity and increase the default risk associated with, and the valuation of, our financial assets. Macroeconomic factors such as an economic downturn could have an adverse effect on our future liquidity. We use a globally centralized financial management to control financial risk, such as liquidity, exchange
rate, interest rate, counterparty, and equity price risks. The primary aim is to maintain liquidity in the SAP Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations at any time. Our total Group liquidity is supported by our strong operating cash
flows, of which a large part is recurring, and by credit facilities from which we can draw if necessary. However, adverse macroeconomic factors could increase the default risk associated with the investment of our total Group liquidity including
possible liquidity shortages limiting SAP’s ability to repay financial debt. This could have an impact on the value of our financial assets, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Management use of estimates could negatively affect our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. To comply with IFRS, management is required to make numerous judgments, estimates, and assumptions (among others for our major patent disputes) that affect the
reported financial figures. The facts and circumstances, as well as assumptions on which management bases these estimates and judgments and management’s judgment regarding the facts and circumstances, may change from time to time and this could
result in significant changes in the estimates and judgments and, consequently, in the reported financials. Such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit and cash flows. Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial reporting standards, especially but not only concerning revenue recognition, may negatively
impact our financial results. We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and
drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards, changes to existing standards (including the new IFRS 15 on revenue from contracts with customers that we will need to adopt in 2018) and changes in their interpretation, we might
be required to change our accounting policies, particularly concerning revenue recognition, to alter our operational policies so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, or to restate our published financial 18 Table of Contents statements. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, and profit, or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit target. Because we conduct operations throughout the world, our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows may be affected by currency and
interest rate fluctuations. Our Group-wide management reporting and our external financial reporting are both in euros. Nevertheless, a significant
portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro. Approximately 74% of our revenue in 2015 was attributable to operations outside the euro area and was translated into euros. Consequently, period-over-period changes in the euro
rates for particular currencies can significantly affect our reported revenues, profits and cash flows. In general, appreciation of the euro relative to another currency has an adverse effect while depreciation of the euro relative to another
currency has a positive effect. Variable interest balance-sheet items are also subject to changes in interest rates. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit and cash flows or cause an adverse deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. The cost of using derivative instruments to hedge share-based payments may exceed the benefits of
hedging them. We use derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our share-based payments on our income statement and to limit future expense
associated with those plans. Based on a defined hedging strategy, we align the decision of individual hedging transactions with the Group CFO in the Treasury Committee. The expense of hedging the share-based payments could exceed the benefit
achieved by hedging them. On the other hand, a decision to leave the plans materially unhedged could prove disadvantageous. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit and cash flows or cause an adverse deviation
from our revenue and operating profit target. The market price for our ADRs and ordinary shares may be volatile. The market prices of our ADRs and ordinary shares have experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility in response to various factors including,
but not limited to: – unauthorized or inadvertent premature disclosure of confidential information, including information concerning pending acquisition negotiations or acquisition
rumors; – the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; – technological innovation by us or our competitors; – quarterly variations in our results or our competitors’ results of operations or results that fail to meet market expectations; – changes in revenue and revenue growth rates on a consolidated basis or for specific geographic areas, business units, products or product categories; – changes in our externally communicated outlook; – changes in our capital structure, for example due to the potential future issuance of additional debt instruments; – general market conditions specific to particular industries; – litigation to which we are a party; – general and country specific economic or political conditions (particularly wars, terrorist attacks, etc.); – proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions by us or our competitors; and – general market conditions. Many of these
factors are beyond our control. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to shareholder lawsuits, including securities class action litigation. Any such lawsuits against us, with or
without merit, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management’s attention and resources, resulting in a decline in our results of operations and our stock price. Project Risks Implementation of SAP software often involves a significant commitment of resources by our
customers and is subject to a number of significant risks over which we often have no control. A core element of our business is the successful
implementation of software solutions to enable our customers to master complexity and help our customers’ business run at their best. The implementation of SAP software is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or by a combination thereof.
Depending on various factors, such as the complexity of solutions, the customer’s implementation, integration and migration needs, or the resources required, SAP faces a number of different risks. For example, functional requirement changes,
delays in timeline, or deviation from recommended best practices may occur during the course of a project. These scenarios have a direct impact on the project resource model and on securing adequate internal personnel or consultants in a timely
manner and could therefore prove challenging. As a result of these and other risks, SAP and/or some of our customers have incurred significant
implementation 19 Table of Contents costs in connection with the purchase and installation of SAP software products. Some customer implementations have taken longer than planned. We cannot guarantee that we can reduce or eliminate
protracted installation or significant third-party consulting costs, for example, that trained consultants will be readily available, that our costs will not exceed the fees agreed in fixed-price contracts, or that customers will be satisfied with
the implementation of our software and solutions. Unsuccessful, lengthy, or costly customer implementation and integration projects could result in claims from customers, harm SAP’s reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, profit, and cash flows. Product and Technology Risks Undetected security vulnerabilities shipped and deployed within our products might cause damage to SAP and our customers, and partners. Customer systems or systems operated by SAP itself to provide services could potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities if they are exploited by hackers. This could lead to theft, destruction, or abuse of data,
or systems could be rendered unusable (for example, due to distributed denial of service attacks). The detection of security vulnerabilities in our software, our customers’ systems, or SAP systems used in the provision of services, especially
in case of exploitation, could prevent us from meeting our contractual obligations and subsequently might lead to customer claims and reputational damage, which might have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash
flows. Undetected defects in the introduction of new products and product enhancements could increase our costs, and reduce customer demand. Our development investment, including new product launches and enhancements, is subject to risks. For example, software products and services might
not completely meet our high-quality standards, including security standards; might not fulfill market needs or customer expectations; or might not comply with local standards and requirements. Furthermore, this risk also exists with respect to
acquired companies’ technologies and products where we might not be able to manage these as quickly and successfully as expected. Therefore, market launches, entering new markets, or the introduction of new innovations could be delayed or not
be successful. In addition, new products and cloud offerings, including third-party technologies we have licensed and open source
software components we use in those products, could contain undetected defects or they might not be mature enough from the customer’s point of view for business-critical solutions. The detection and correction of any defects especially after
delivery could be expensive and time-consuming and we might not be able to meet the expectations of customers regarding time and quality in the defect resolution process. In some circumstances, we might not be in a position to rectify such defects
or entirely meet the expectations of customers, specifically as we are expanding our product portfolio into additional markets. As a result, we might be faced with customer claims for cash refunds, damages, replacement software, or other
concessions. The risk of defects and their adverse consequences could increase as we seek to introduce a variety of new software products and product enhancements at a higher innovation rate. This is especially relevant for cloud products as
delivery cycles are even shorter (up to daily deliveries) and our complete cloud product customer base could receive undetected defects simultaneously. Furthermore, for products that use third-party (not SAP) cloud services, we cannot detect defects
in advance. Significant undetected defects or delays in introducing new products or product enhancements could affect market acceptance of SAP software products and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. The use of existing SAP software products by customers in business-critical solutions and processes and the relative complexity
and technical interdependency of our software products and services create a risk that customers or third parties may pursue warranty, performance, or other claims against us for actual or alleged defects in SAP software products, in our provision
of services, or in our application hosting services. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to warranty, performance, or other similar claims. Although our contracts generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure due to actual or alleged defects in SAP software products or in our provision of services, these provisions may not cover every
eventuality or be effective under the applicable law. Regardless of its merits, any claim could entail substantial expense and require the devotion of significant time and attention by key management personnel. Publicity surrounding such claims
could affect our reputation and the demand for our software. 20 Table of Contents Changes in our rights to use software, cloud services, and technologies we license from third parties that are an
integral part of SAP’s products could slow down time to market and influence our license pricing and therefore the competitiveness with other software vendors. Furthermore, it could diminish our software’s or cloud functional capabilities
and therefore could jeopardize the stability of our solution portfolio offering. The numerous third-party solutions we have licensed and certain
open source software components we use have become an integral part of our product and service portfolio. We depend on those solutions for the functionality of our software and cloud services. Changes to, or the loss of, third-party licenses as well
as open source licenses being construed could significantly increase the cost of these licenses and significantly reduce software or cloud functionality and/or usability of SAP’s software or cloud offerings. As a result, we might incur
additional development or license costs to ensure the continued functionality of our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. This risk increases with each of our acquisitions of a
company or a company’s intellectual property assets that had been subject to third-party solution licensing, open source software and product standards less rigorous than our own. If we are unable to keep up with rapid technological, process and service innovations, and new business models as well as changing market expectations, we might not be able to compete effectively. Our future success depends upon our ability to keep pace with technological and process innovations and new business models, as well as our ability
to develop new products and services, enhance and expand our existing products and services portfolio, and integrate products and services we obtain through acquisitions. To be successful, we are required to adapt our products and our go-to-market
approach to a cloud-based delivery model to satisfy changing customer demand. We might not be successful in bringing new business models, solutions,
solution enhancements, and/or services to market before our competitors. We may also face increasing competition from open source software initiatives in which competitors may provide software and intellectual property free and/or under terms and
conditions unfavorable for SAP. In addition, we might not be able to generate enough revenue to offset the significant research and development costs we incur to deliver technological innovations or to offset the required infrastructure costs to
deliver our solutions and services as part of our new business models. Moreover, we might not anticipate and develop technological improvements or succeed in adapting our products, services, processes, and business models to technological change, changing regulatory requirements, emerging industry standards, and changing requirements of our customers and partners. Finally, we might not succeed in producing high-quality products,
enhancements, and releases in a timely and cost-effective manner to compete with products, solutions, and other technologies offered by our competitors, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and
cash flows. Our technology and/or product strategy may not be successful or our customers and partners might not adopt our technology platforms and
other innovations accordingly. We offer customers a broad portfolio of products, solutions, and services. Our technology strategy centers on SAP
HANA as a real-time in-memory computing platform for analytics and applications, the SAP S/4HANA suite as the digital core, the business network, and SAP HANA Cloud Platform as our platform-as-a-service offering. The success of our technology
strategy depends on the delivery of the new digital framework, as our technology continues to deliver business value to meet changing customer expectations. Our technology strategy also relies on our ability to maintain a dynamic network of partner
organizations developing their own business applications using our technology platforms. We might not be successful in integrating our platforms,
enabling the complete product and cloud service portfolio, harmonizing our user interface design and technology, integrating acquired technologies, or bringing new solutions based on the SAP HANA platform as well as SAP HANA Cloud Platform to the
market as fast as expected, in particular, innovative applications such as SAP S/4HANA. In addition, we may not be able to compete effectively in the area of cloud services and our new applications and services might not meet customer expectations.
As a result, our partner organizations and customers might not adopt our technology platforms, applications, or cloud services quickly enough or they might consider competitive solutions. This could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Our cloud offerings might be subject to a security attack, become unavailable, or fail to
perform properly. The software used in our cloud portfolio is inherently complex and any defects in product functionality, data center operations,
or system stability that cause interruptions in the availability of our application portfolio could result in the following: – Lost or delayed market acceptance and sales – Breach of warranty or other contract breach or misrepresentation claims 21 Table of Contents – Sales credits or refunds to our customers or partners – Loss of customers and/or partners – Diversion of development and customer service resources – Breach of data protection and privacy laws and regulations – Customers considering competitive cloud offerings – Loss of customer satisfaction and brand reputation The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors might be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. The availability of our cloud
applications could be interrupted by a number of factors, resulting in customers’ inability to access their cloud applications, system outages, failure of our network due to human or other errors, security breaches, or variability in user
traffic for our cloud applications. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage, hardware failures, defects in our software, or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption, or cause the information that we
collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant. Additionally, any loss of the right to use hardware purchased or leased from third parties could result in delays in our ability to provide our cloud
applications until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available, identified. Furthermore, our cooperation with partners in the area of cloud includes the co-location of data centers that might expose SAP to additional risks in
the area of security and data protection, as well as the potential for breached service-level agreements by partners. We have administrative,
technical, and physical security measures in place as well as contracts that require third-party data centers to have appropriate security and data protection and privacy measures in place. In this context, customers might demand to use only
specific and/or local data centers. However, if these security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error or malfeasance, or otherwise, and if, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our customers’
data, which may include personally identifiable information regarding users, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, local data protection and privacy laws or regulations might be breached, and we could incur significant liability. In addition, our insurance coverage might not cover claims against us for loss or security breach of data or other indirect or consequential damages.
Moreover, defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and time-consuming. In addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions in the availability of our cloud applications, our reputation could be harmed and we could
lose customers. Operational Risks Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future, that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which could lead to damages being awarded against us and limit our ability to use certain
technologies in the future. We believe that we will increasingly be subject to intellectual property infringement claims as our solution portfolio
grows; as we acquire companies with increased use of third-party code including open source code; as we expand into new industries with our offerings, resulting in greater overlap in the functional scope of offerings; and as non-practicing entities
that do not design, manufacture, or distribute products increasingly assert intellectual property infringement claims. Any claims, with or without
merit, and negotiations or litigation relating to such claims, could preclude us from utilizing certain technologies in our products, be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and require us to pay damages to third parties, stop selling or
reconfigure our products and, under certain circumstances, pay fines and indemnify our customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial profile, profit, cash flows, and reputation. They could also require us to enter into
royalty and licensing arrangements on terms that are not favorable to us, cause product shipment delays, subject our products to injunctions, require a complete or partial redesign of products, result in delays to our customers’ investment
decisions, and damage our reputation. Software includes many components or modules that provide different features and perform different functions.
Some of these features or functions may be subject to third-party intellectual property rights. The rights of another party could encompass technical aspects that are similar to one or more technologies in one or more of our products. Intellectual
property rights of third parties could preclude us from using certain technologies in our products or require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable or expensive terms. The software industry is making increasing use of open source software in its development work on solutions. We also integrate certain open source software
components from third parties into our software. Open source licenses may require that the software code in those components or the software into which they are integrated be freely accessible under open source terms. Third-party claims may require
us to make freely accessible under open source terms one of our products or third-party (not SAP) software upon which we depend. 22 Table of Contents Claims and lawsuits against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, cash
flows, and reputation. Claims and lawsuits are brought against us, including claims and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Adverse
outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits pending against us might result in the award of significant damages or injunctive relief against us that could hinder our ability to conduct our business and could have an adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is intrinsically uncertain.
Management’s view of the litigation may also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments made by management in prior periods, which are the basis for our accounting for
these litigations and claims under IFRS. We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively or successfully and our strategic alliances might
not be successful. To expand our business, we acquire businesses, products, and technologies, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the
future. Over time certain of these acquisitions have increased in size and in strategic importance for SAP, Management negotiation of potential acquisitions and alliances and integration of acquired businesses, products, or technologies demands
time, focus, and resources of management and of the workforce. Acquisitions of companies, businesses, and technology expose us to unpredictable operational difficulties, expenditures, and risks. These risks include, among others: – Selection of the wrong integration model for the acquired company and/or technology – Failure to properly evaluate the acquired business and its different business and licensing models – Failure to successfully integrate acquired technologies or solutions into SAP’s solution portfolio and strategy in a timely and profitable manner – Failure to integrate the acquired company’s operations across SAP’s different cultures, languages, and local protocols, all within the constraints of
applicable local laws – Failure to meet the needs of the acquired company’s customers and partners in the combined company – The diversion of management’s time and attention from daily operations – Loss of key personnel of the acquired business – Material unknown liabilities and contingent liabilities of acquired companies, including legal, tax, accounting, intellectual property, or other significant
liabilities that may not be detected through the acquisition due diligence process – Legal and regulatory constraints (such as contract obligations, privacy frameworks, and agreements) – Difficulties in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal controls, procedures, and policies – Practices or policies of the acquired company that may be incompatible with our compliance requirements – An adverse effect on relationships with existing customers, partners, or third-party providers of technology or products – Difficulties in integrating the acquired company’s accounting, HR, and other administrative systems and coordination of the acquired company’s research
and development (R&D), sales, and marketing functions – Debt incurrence or significant cash expenditures – Constraints in enforcing acquired companies’ compliance with existing SAP security standards in a timely manner – Difficulties in customer implementation projects combining technologies and solutions from both SAP and the acquired company In addition, acquired businesses might not perform as anticipated, resulting in charges for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets on our
statements of financial position. Such charges may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. We have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, alliance arrangements for a variety of purposes,
including the development of new products and services. There can be no assurance that any such products or services will be successfully developed or that we will not incur significant unanticipated liabilities in connection with such arrangements.
We may not be successful in overcoming these risks and we may therefore not benefit as anticipated from acquisitions or alliances. We may not be
able to obtain adequate title to, or licenses in, or to enforce, intellectual property. Protecting and defending our intellectual property is
crucial to our success. We use a variety of means to identify and monitor potential risks and to protect our intellectual property. These include applying for patents, registering trademarks and other marks and copyrights, implementing measures to
stop copyright and trademark infringement, entering into licensing, confidentiality, and non-disclosure agreements, and deploying protection technology. Despite our efforts, we might not be able to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or
selling without authorization what we regard as our proprietary technology and information. All of these measures afford only limited protection, and our proprietary rights could be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise affected.
Some intellectual property might be vulnerable to disclosure or 23 Table of Contents misappropriation by employees, partners, or other third parties. Third parties might independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Finally,
third parties might reverse-engineer or otherwise obtain and use technology and information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we might not be able to protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party copying or utilization,
which could have an adverse effect on our competitive and financial positions, and result in reduced sales. Any legal action we bring to enforce our proprietary rights could also involve enforcement against a partner or other third party, which may
have an adverse effect on our ability, and our customers’ ability, to use that partner’s or other third parties’ products. In addition, the laws and courts of certain countries may not offer effective means to enforce our intellectual
property rights. This could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. SAP’s business
strategy focuses on certain business models that are highly dependent on a working cyberspace. A cybersecurity breach could have an adverse effect on our customers, our reputation, and our business. The key cybersecurity risks currently applicable to us include state-driven economic espionage as well as competitor-driven industrial espionage, and criminal
activities including, but not limited to, cyberattacks and “mega breaches” against cloud services and hosted on-premise software. This might result in, for example, disclosure of confidential information and intellectual property,
defective products, production downtimes, supply shortages, and compromised data (including personal data). A failure of our cybersecurity measures could impact our compliance with legal demands (for example, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standard, data privacy) and expose our business operations as well as service delivery to the described risks, for example, virtual attack, disruption, damage, and/or unauthorized access. Additionally, we could be subject to
recovery costs, for example, as well as significant contractual and legal claims by customers, partners, authorities, and third-party service providers for damages against us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial
position, profit, and cash flows. We may not be able to protect our critical information and assets or to safeguard our business operations against
disruption. SAP is highly dependent on the exchange of a wide range of information across our global operations and on the availability of our
infrastructure. With regards to our physical environment, we face several key security risks such as industrial and/or economic espionage, serious and organized crime, and other illegal activities, as well as violent extremism and terrorism. We might be endangered by threats including, but not limited to, social engineering, misuse, or
theft of information or assets, or damage to assets by trespassers in our facilities or by people who have gained unauthorized physical access to our facilities, systems, or information. These could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
profile, profit, and cash flows. Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and we might be subject to uninsured losses. We maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad range of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and consistent with current industry practice.
Our objective is to exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost. However, we may incur losses that may be beyond the limits, or outside the scope, of coverage of our insurance and that may limit or prevent indemnification under our
insurance policies. In addition, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future. Further, certain categories of risks are currently not insurable at reasonable cost, which could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Finally, there can be no assurance of the financial ability of the insurance companies to meet their claim payment obligations. We could incur significant losses in connection with venture capital investments. Through Sapphire Ventures (formerly SAP Ventures), our consolidated venture investment funds, we plan to continue investing in new and promising technology businesses. Many such investments initially generate net
losses and require additional expenditures from their investors. Changes to planned business operations have, in the past affected, and may in the future affect, the performance of companies in which Sapphire Ventures holds investments, and that
could have an adverse effect on the value of our investments in Sapphire Ventures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. Furthermore, tax deductibility of capital losses and impairment in
connection with equity securities are often restricted and could therefore have an adverse effect on our effective tax rate. ITEM 4. INFORMATION ABOUT SAP Our legal corporate name is SAP SE. SAP SE is translated in English to SAP European Company (Societas Europaea, or “SE”). SAP SE is organized in the Federal Republic of Germany under German and European
law, see “Item 10. Additional Information.” Where the context requires in the discussion below, SAP SE also refers to our predecessor or previous legal forms and names, as 24 Table of Contents the case may be, i.e. Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung GbR (1972-1976), SAP Systeme, Anwendungen, Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung GmbH (1976-1988), “SAP Aktiengesellschaft Systeme,
Anwendungen, Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung” (1988-2005) and “SAP AG” (2005-2014). Our principal executive offices, headquarters and registered office are located at Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16, 69190 Walldorf, Germany. Our telephone
number is +49-6227-7-47474. As part of our activities to reduce the number of legal entities in the SAP group, in 2015 we integrated certain
subsidiaries into the following significant SAP subsidiaries: SAP (UK) Limited, SAP France S.A., SAP America Inc., SuccessFactors, Inc., SAP Japan Co. Ltd., SAP Australia Pty Limited and SAP Nederland B.V. For (i) a description of our principal capital expenditures and divestitures and the amount invested (including interests in other companies) since January 1, 2013
until the date of this report and (ii) information concerning our principal capital expenditures and divestitures currently in progress, including the distribution of these investments geographically and the method of financing, see “Item 4.
Information About SAP – Description of Property – Capital Expenditures.” OVERVIEW OF THE SAP GROUP Founded in 1972, SAP today is the global leader in business application and analytics software in terms of market share and the market leader in
digital commerce. Further, SAP is the enterprise cloud company with the greatest number of users and the fastest-growing major database company. Our continued growth over more than four decades is attributable to relentless innovation, a diverse
portfolio, our ability to anticipate everchanging customer requirements, and a broad ecosystem of partners. With approximately 300,000 customers in over 180 countries, the SAP Group includes subsidiaries in all major countries and employs
approximately 77,000 people. SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany; our legal corporate name is SAP SE. Our ordinary shares are listed on the
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Berlin Stock Exchange and the Stuttgart Stock Exchange. The principal trading market for the ordinary shares is Xetra, the electronic dealing platform of Deutsche Börse AG. American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)
representing SAP SE ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), and currently each ADR represents one ordinary share. As at December 31, 2015, our market capitalization was € 90.1 billion on the DAX and US$97.2 billion on the NYSE. SAP is a member of Germany’s DAX, the Dow Jones EURO STOXX 50, and the Dow
Jones Sustainability Index. Our company culture puts our customers’ success at the center of everything we do. With our vision to help the world
run better and improve people’s lives, and with Run Simple as our operating principle, we focus on helping our customers master complexity, and innovate and transform to become a sustainable digital business. We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for the use of our cloud solutions, for licensing of on-premise software products and solutions, and
transaction fees for activity on our business networks. Additional sources of revenue are support, professional services, development, training, and other services. As at December 31, 2015, SAP SE directly or indirectly controlled a worldwide group of 255 subsidiaries in more than 180 countries to distribute our products, solutions, and services. Distributorship
agreements are in place with independent resellers in many countries. Our subsidiaries perform tasks such as sales and marketing, consulting, research
and development, cloud delivery, customer support, training, or administration. For a list of subsidiaries, associates, and other equity investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (33). 25 Table of Contents The following table illustrates our most significant subsidiaries based on total revenues as of December 31,
2015. All subsidiaries are wholly owned by SAP SE. Name of Subsidiary Country of Incorporation Germany SAP Deutschland SE & Co. KG, Walldorf Germany Rest of EMEA SAP (UK) Limited, Feltham Great Britain SAP (Schweiz) AG, Biel Switzerland SAP France, Levallois Perret France SAP Nederland B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch The Netherlands SAP Italia Sistemi Applicazioni Prodotti in Data Processing S.p.A., Vimercate Italy United States SAP America, Inc., Newtown Square USA SAP Industries, Inc., Newtown Square USA SuccessFactors, Inc., South San Francisco USA Ariba, Inc., Palo Alto USA Concur Technologies, Inc., Bellevue USA Rest of Americas SAP Brasil Ltda, São Paulo Brazil Japan SAP Japan Co., Ltd., Tokyo Japan Rest of APJ SAP Australia Pty Ltd., Sydney Australia SAP (Beijing) Software System Co. Ltd., Beijing China STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL Helping our Customers Reimagine their Businesses The world
is experiencing unprecedented change that is transforming both our use of technology and society more broadly. People are connected in ways like never before. Entire industries have been disrupted by innovations that have brought the once
unimaginable within reach. Technology trends such as hyperconnectivity, cloud computing, and Big Data go hand-in-hand with social and business trends that are changing how we live and work. Rapid urbanization, the sharing economy, enormous
demographic change, and resource scarcity are demanding that leaders of tomorrow adapt to a world in which the pace of change continues to accelerate. To remain competitive – and create a sustainable competitive advantage – businesses today must become sustainable digital businesses. In fact, experts across industries know that in the new digital economy, only the most adaptive businesses will prevail. SAP provides what is needed to become a
digital business. Our enduring vision is to help the world run better and improve people’s lives. Our vision is not just relevant in this time of change and disruption – it is essential. Complexity has become a problem of staggering proportions and stands in the way of digital transformation and innovation. It is what keeps companies from turning
the trends of our time – from the explosion of data to a rapidly growing middle class – into business opportunities. Becoming a digital business means that companies must first cut through this complexity, as simplicity is a prerequisite
for innovation. Companies must make their digital strategy a core part of their business strategy. 26 Table of Contents We enable organizations to tackle complexity by unlocking their ability to Run Simple. This principle guides everything we do
and powers our customers’ transformation into digital businesses. We offer what is required to support this transformation – our deep experience as a leader in enterprise software for more than 40 years; our solutions and services; and our
global reach, which includes a base of approximately 300,000 customers across 25 distinct industries; and an ecosystem of thousands of partners. Our digital approach is built on two critical elements – our SAP Cloud portfolio and the SAP HANA platform. And our strategy to become THE cloud company
powered by SAP HANA refers not just to our own transformation but that of our customers – and their customers. SAP Cloud powered by SAP HANA
simplifies consumption and the user experience, while SAP HANA simplifies the IT landscape. SAP HANA enables business processes and analytics to run on the same platform, something that was simply not conceivable even five years ago. With the release of SAP S/4HANA in 2015, our next-generation business suite, we have brought a new level of performance and simplicity to core business
processes. And SAP HANA Cloud Platform is facilitating the development of a much broader and richer landscape of applications to support our customers’ needs. With these capabilities, SAP partners with companies on every aspect of their digital transformation, helping them run better and improving people’s lives. As they become digital businesses, our customers are
becoming more sustainable organizations by improving how they serve their customers, engaging and developing their workforce, increasing transparency of their suppliers’ social performance, using resources more efficiently, and interacting with local communities. Our global business networks expand the world that our customers operate in, connecting them with a
vast ecosystem of partners that creates more efficient, powerful, and simpler ways of managing such key functions as procurement, travel, and workforce management. Furthermore, we connect all of these realms to core business processes, such as finance and logistics, for a seamless and simplified customer experience. And we provide deep industry expertise to help our customers
design an IT strategy that best supports their business strategy. While each of these capabilities would bring value on its own, together they set us apart – we are unique in our ability to guide customers on all essential elements of their
digital transformation, enabling them to reimagine their business and then realize their vision for the future. SAP has big ambitions. We measure our
success across both financial and non-financial indicators: revenue growth, profitability, customer loyalty, and employee engagement. And we are creating value for our customers by helping them to navigate a changed world so that they can find
business opportunities across social, environmental, and economic dimensions. With our broad portfolio of solutions, we are convinced that we can
position our customers for greater success in the digital world. SAP can help our customers better serve their customers with the sophisticated experiences they have come to expect; reach new markets as the world’s cities expand; find new
customers as millions of people join the modern economy; and innovate in the face of resource scarcity and ever changing technologies. Most of all, we can help them understand and capitalize on the ways that technology and societal trends intersect,
so that – along with SAP – they can not only become better organizations, but also help create a better world. Creating Societal Impact by
Enabling our Customers to Innovate As a software company that serves many of the world’s leading organizations, we have enormous opportunity to
impact people and society by helping our customers innovate, run more efficiently, improve their IT security, and offer new products and services. For example, when major manufacturers gain greater transparency into their energy usage and create
more efficient supply chains, they create a more positive impact on society while minimizing impact on environment. When banks offer mobile banking services to people who lack opportunities, they address inequality and promote economic growth. When
healthcare companies utilize data in new and faster ways, they help patients gain access to potentially life-saving treatments. 27 Table of Contents In addition, at SAP and within our ecosystem, we support job creation and economic prosperity through demand for
highly qualified workers to develop, sell, implement, and enhance our software for our customers. As our customers grow their own businesses, they also create opportunities for others through new products and services as well as economic growth. At the heart of realizing these possibilities is our ability to help our customers cut through complexity and direct their resources to the work that
matters most: new innovations that help the world run better and improve people’s lives. We work to create long-term value by addressing future needs as well as current ones, with the goal of helping to transform how people use software,
conduct business, and live their lives. To achieve our vision, SAP provides solutions and services to customers throughout the world based on our deep
expertise in business processes across industries. As leader of the enterprise software market, we must continually adapt to new technology and business trends. For this reason, we rely on the people of SAP to drive our success – their
intellectual and social capital provide us with key knowledge, expertise, and business relationships. Along with the financial capital of our investors, an engaged, highly skilled, and agile workforce is at the core of our business model. Our organization must be as adaptable as our employees – and in recent years, we have made important shifts to our sales model to accommodate
enormous changes in how companies use technology. In the past, our approach was focused on charging a one-time, upfront fee for a perpetual license to our software that is typically installed at the customer site. In addition, the customer usually
concludes a support contract covering support, services, and software updates. As we have seen customer preferences evolve, we are increasingly delivering our solutions in the cloud through a software-as-a-service (SaaS) model. Depending on the
solution, the customer pays either usage-based or periodic fees to use our software, which is hosted in the cloud, and accesses it over the Internet. Further, we receive transaction fees from business conducted over our business networks. Despite these shifts, we still rely on the strengths of our direct sales organizations to drive most business development. As a global company, we set our sales
go-to-market strategies at the global level, with our regional subsidiaries then adapting and executing them. Our customer-facing employees, in close collaboration with sales support and marketing, drive demand, build pipeline, and enhance
relationships with customers. Our marketing efforts cover large enterprises as well as small and midsize enterprises, with our broad portfolio of solutions and services addressing the needs of customers of all sizes across industries. Additional e-commerce and digitally native offerings further
enable a low-touch or no-touch customer journey. Our business model aligns with and supports our business strategy and puts us in a strong position to
drive future growth. By helping organizations transform into digital businesses, we see enormous potential to increase our share of their overall IT spend while providing them with greater value. As our technology unlocks simplicity for our
customers, they, in turn, bring new advances to their customers in areas that directly impact people’s lives. Our Goals for Sustained Business
Success We have strong ambitions for sustainable business success, both for our company and for our customers. We believe the most important
indicators to measure this success comprise both financial and non-financial indicators: growth, profitability, customer loyalty, and employee engagement. Growth: SAP uses various revenue metrics to measure growth. We expect full-year 2016 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue to be in a range of € 2.95 billion to € 3.05
billion at constant currencies (2015: € 2.30 billion). Further, we expect full-year 2016 non-IFRS cloud and software revenue to increase by
6% to 8% at constant currencies (2015: € 17.23 billion). Looking beyond 2016, we have raised our 2017 ambition to reflect the current
currency exchange rate environment and excellent business momentum. Assuming a stable exchange rate environment going forward, SAP now expects non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue in a range of € 3.8 billion to € 4.0 billion
in 2017. By 2017, SAP continues to expect its rapidly growing cloud subscriptions and support revenue to be close to software license revenue and is expected to exceed software license revenue in 2018. Non-IFRS total revenue is expected to reach € 23.0 billion to € 23.5 billion in 2017. Our high-level 2020 ambitions remain unchanged, with 2020 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue
expected to reach € 7.5 billion to € 8.0 billion and total revenue is expected to be in a range of € 26 billion to € 28 billion. Profitability: SAP expects full-year 2016 non-IFRS operating profit to be in a range of € 6.4 billion to € 6.7 billion at constant currencies (2015: € 6.35 billion). We expect non-IFRS operating profit to be in a range of € 6.7 billion to € 7.0 billion in 2017 and to be in a range of € 8.0 billion to € 9.0 billion in 2020. Customer loyalty: SAP uses the Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS) as a key performance indicator (KPI) to measure customer loyalty. We aim to 28 Table of Contents achieve a Customer NPS score of 25% in 2016 (2015: 22.4%). Due to changes in sampling, resulting from ongoing efforts to implement the survey process holistically in recently acquired entities,
the 2015 score is not fully comparable with the prior year score. Employee engagement: We use the employee engagement index to measure motivation and
loyalty of our employees, how proud they are of our company, and how strongly they identify with SAP. We remain committed to achieving 82% employee engagement score in 2016 (2015: 81%). These four corporate objectives affirm our commitment to innovation and sustainability, and help us deliver on our vision. In addition to primary KPIs, which directly measure our performance on our four goals, we manage a number of secondary performance indicators, which influence the primary KPIs in a variety of ways. Our main objectives are presented with more detail throughout the report. For more information on our strategic goals, see the Performance Management System
section; Expected Developments section; Customers section; and Employees section. SEASONALITY Our business has historically experienced the highest revenue in the fourth quarter of each year, due primarily to year-end capital purchases by customers. Such
factors have resulted in 2015, 2014, and 2013 first quarter revenue being lower than revenue in the prior year’s fourth quarter. We believe that this trend will continue in the future and that our total revenue will continue to peak in the
fourth quarter of each year and decline from that level in the first quarter of the following year. Unlike our on-premise software revenues, our on-premise support revenues and cloud subscriptions and support revenues are less subject to
seasonality. PRODUCTS, RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT, AND SERVICES Unlocking the Potential of Digital Transformation For
leading companies, the question is no longer whether they need to become a digital business, but how. The role of software has moved beyond enabling the realization of business strategy to becoming an intrinsic part of that strategy. In an
increasingly complex landscape – with the amount of stored data doubling every 18 months – speed, innovation, and agility are the new differentiators. It is not just about doing yesterday’s work faster. Companies in every industry
must take a unified approach to managing every aspect of their business, and they need solutions whose innovation matches their own ambitions to grow and win in the market. In 2015, we unveiled one of the most important products in our history: SAP S/4HANA, our next-generation business
suite, designed to provide the digital core our customers need to run their entire business in the new digital world. We expect SAP S/4HANA to drive our business for years to come, enabling companies to integrate their core business processes with
running their key operations, from their supply chain to their workforce. With SAP S/4HANA, we provide companies a full business platform to reimagine their businesses and achieve the creation of their own next-generation products and services so
critical in the digital economy. SAP S/4HANA creates unique opportunities to simplify the IT landscape, helps reduce total cost of ownership with SAP
HANA, and provides a simple and role-based user experience. Enterprises can now reduce their data footprint and work with larger data sets in one system to save hardware costs, operational costs, and time as well as reduce complexity. After launching in February 2015, over 2,700 customers have chosen SAP S/4HANA, with approximately 100 customers live at the end of 2015. Driving Simplicity and Innovation through SAP HANA and SAP HANA Cloud Platform SAP HANA remains at the center of our strategy to help our customers transform their businesses. The SAP HANA platform combines database, data processing, integration, and application platform capabilities
in-memory. By providing advanced capabilities such as predictive analytics on the same architecture, it further simplifies application development and processing across Big Data sources and structures. The SAP HANA Vora engine adds a new dimension to these capabilities, allowing our customers to combine their business data with Big Data managed on Hadoop compute
clusters. It simplifies ownership of Big Data and supports faster, interactive, and more precise decision making. In addition to expanding our own
portfolio, we are enabling others to develop a much broader landscape of applications through SAP HANA Cloud Platform, our strategic platform-as-a-service offering. Providing both ease and flexibility, this cloud platform allows our customers and
partners to build, extend, run, and sell applications and services in the cloud. It includes infrastructure, data, and storage, as well as a toolbox of platform and application extension services. SAP HANA Cloud Platform also enables connectivity
between SAP solutions, including on-premise software such as SAP Business Suite as well as software-as-a-service offerings such as SAP SuccessFactors solutions. 29 Table of Contents Building on our experience, we are developing a suite of SAP solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT). The
functionalities of our SAP HANA Cloud Platform IoT services help accelerate development and deployment, as well as improve the ability to manage real-time IoT and machine-to-machine applications. To support the development of these new innovations,
we continue to leverage our customer co-innovation framework, which helps us address the evolving digitization needs of our customers. The road to
becoming a digital business is unique to every organization. Our portfolio supports our customers wherever they are on their journey. We want to offer the broadest integration in the industry, with customers seamlessly connecting SAP and third-party
software across a range of environments to reduce IT complexity. At the same time, our user experience provides both elegance and ease-of-use across multiple devices and interfaces. Customers also have the benefits of efficiency and flexibility
through a variety of deployment models. Launching SAP S/4HANA SAP S/4HANA represents a huge step forward in simplifying how applications are built, consumed, and deployed. It provides real-time, mission-critical industry-specific business processes across organizations and
lines of business. As a basis, enterprises can now support end-to-end operations across key business functions through a fully digitized enterprise management solution named SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management. A prime example of our innovations is SAP S/4HANA Finance, a comprehensive solution for the office of the CFO. This solution brings enhanced functionality to a
range of key areas – from financial planning and analysis to collaborative finance operations. It also provides our customers with seamless flexibility, with deployment either on premise or in the cloud. Beyond SAP S/4HANA Finance, the on-premise edition of SAP S/4HANA drives business value in other areas such as materials management as well as sales and
distribution, among others, taking full advantage of a simplified data model and a responsive user experience. Innovating for Industries and Lines
of Business As the market leader in enterprise application software, we offer end-to-end solutions specific to 25 industries and 12 lines of
business, localized by country and for companies of any size. Industries Industry Sector Industry Portfolio Consumer SAP for Consumer Products SAP for Life Sciences SAP for Retail SAP for Wholesale Distribution Discrete manufacturing SAP for Aerospace & Defense SAP for Automotive SAP for High Tech SAP for Industrial Machinery & Components Energy and natural resources SAP for Chemicals SAP for Mill Products SAP for Mining SAP for Oil & Gas SAP for Utilities Financial services SAP for Banking SAP for Insurance Public services SAP for Defense & Security SAP for Healthcare SAP for Higher Education & Research SAP for Public Sector Services SAP for Engineering, Construction & Operations SAP for Media SAP for Professional Services SAP for Sports & Entertainment SAP for Telecommunications SAP for Travel & Transportation Lines of Business – Asset Management – Commerce – Finance – Human Resources – Manufacturing – Marketing – R&D/Engineering 30 Table of Contents – Sales – Service – Sourcing and Procurement – Supply Chain – Sustainability In addition, we are building
other functional innovations that serve each line of business. For example: Human capital management (HCM): Our HCM solutions, including SAP
SuccessFactors solutions, help organizations increase the value of their total workforce by developing, managing, engaging, and empowering their people. These solutions address the full range of HR needs, from hiring the right people and managing
contingent workers to simplifying the way people work. We focus on delivering a simple and intuitive user experience through mobile device or desktop. Customer engagement and commerce (CEC): Our CEC solutions comprise SAP and SAP Hybris software that serve the commerce, marketing, sales, and service lines of business, enabling business-to-business and
business-to-consumer companies to provide real-time, consistent, contextual, and relevant experiences to their customers. Regardless of channel or device, these solutions deliver personalized engagement based on context and proven industry expertise
and therefore go beyond traditional customer relationship management, which no longer meets the needs of today’s consumer-driven market. Providing users with Freedom, Flexibility, and Elegant Design We believe digital transformation must include a focus on the user experience, as expectations by our customers – and their customers – have
risen enormously in recent years. For many, mobile has become the technology of choice, providing simple, always-on access to information, processes, and services. To that end, key mobile services such as app creation and management, security, and
extensibility are available as part of SAP HANA Cloud Platform, giving our customers simple access to the technologies that support new business models. Providing an elegant, intuitive user experience, SAP Fiori has evolved since its introduction in 2013 into the new user experience (UX) for SAP software. It
reflects a broader shift in software design that puts as much focus on how people actually use technology as on specific features and functions. SAP Fiori offers innovative new features such as improved contextual interaction and action-oriented
personal notifications. The updated design delivers improvements while staying consistent with our original UX principles of being role-based, responsive, simple, coherent, and delightful. We were awarded the prestigious Red Dot Award for the SAP Fiori UX design concept in the Interaction Category in
September 2015. Delivering Greater Value through the Power of Business Networks In today’s hyperconnected business landscape, how companies interact with the outside world is undergoing profound change. At SAP, we are helping to lead this transformation through our business networks,
which are helping drive innovation in key areas that impact an organization’s core operations. Our business network strategy is to bring the world’s vast network of partners, suppliers, and services to best-in-class solutions that fulfill
the needs of specific lines of business – all within a few clicks. Moving far beyond basic automation, our network solutions are enabling new processes and outcomes for customers. They are also part of a new wave of solutions that are more
consumer-friendly and business-ready than in the past. We recognize that business applications today must deliver an effortless user experience while
ensuring that information and data flow back into the business and across networks in a secure way. These applications serve to maintain compliance while enabling choice. They are designed for a more digital, highly mobile, and interconnected world,
and help drive greater value for employees, organizations, and the vast networks of partners and individuals they rely on. Today, our business network
portfolio includes SAP Ariba, Concur, and SAP Fieldglass solutions. Each is a leading provider of cloud applications, services, and cloud networks through open platforms that connect internal business processes to a global ecosystem of partners. The Ariba Network is a leading marketplace used by approximately two million companies to discover, connect, and collaborate over US$740 billion in
commerce every year. The network connects companies across the full commerce process – from sourcing through payment settlement. It also provides insights and technology to help companies improve their operations – and to connect and
collaborate in new ways that are only possible in a networked environment. Concur Travel & Expense is the world’s leading travel and
expense management system, with more than 32 million users. The Concur system goes beyond the basic automation of expense reports and provides visibility and insights that support better decision making for employee travel and spend, helping
businesses to focus on what matters most. 31 Table of Contents SAP Fieldglass solutions simplify the process of procuring and managing external workforce services. They provide
visibility into service providers and non-employee workers and help improve compliance and cost control. As a centralized, single point of access to engage with more than 1.9 million external workers in approximately 130 countries, SAP
Fieldglass solutions connect consultancies, staffing firms, independent contractors, and other service providers, so business users can procure services from anywhere in the world with just a few clicks. As an open platform, SAP Fieldglass also
connects to financial, HR, payroll, and procurement systems. Each of these three cloud network companies has made connecting to partners, suppliers,
and services through an open platform a core part of their architecture and approach. Ultimately, we aim to go further, connecting all the world’s networks. We are working to create platforms for networks and services that will further
transform the business landscape – with the purpose of creating new outcomes, services and experiences that make businesses run more simply and with greater opportunities for innovation. Providing Real-Time, Advanced Analytics to Drive Better Decision Making The speed of the digital economy
demands that companies make informed decisions faster than ever before, as data can become obsolete in a matter of seconds. SAP HANA has vastly increased the efficiency with which our customers can use analytics to drive decision making. With
transactions and analytics combined into a single in-memory platform, our customers can access a “single source of truth” for real-time planning, execution, reporting, analysis, and predictive modeling on very large volumes of data. In 2015, we further simplified our offering with the introduction of the SAP Cloud for Analytics solution, a software as a service that aims to bring
all analytics capabilities together for a richer user experience. Based on SAP Cloud for Analytics, we also launched SAP Digital Boardroom, a
multifaceted solution that offers executive decision makers new ease and elegance in accessing company data in real time, and the ability to engage in what-if queries and create visualizations. Designed to provide far greater transparency to board
members, executives, and other decision makers, fully automated business intelligence capabilities in the solution not only improve the quality and speed of reporting, but also facilitate greater trust through more effective collaboration and
decision making. Whether in the cloud, on premise, or a combination of the two, our analytics solutions enable our customers to access immediate,
actionable intelligence. Even as data volumes grow exponentially, companies can simplify their business processes and gain insights to better manage every aspect of their organization – from integrated planning to risk and
compliance. Among other features, key analytics solutions from SAP support: – Trusted data discovery and agile visualization to bring reliable data to life in real time through intuitive visualizations – Advanced analytics to combine the power of predictive processing with intuitive modeling and advanced data visualization – Corporate performance management to set and track measurable performance objectives through planning, budgeting, forecasting, and financial consolidation
tools Research and Development With businesses shifting at an ever-accelerating pace towards digitalization and the cloud, leading our customers through change is more important than ever before.
We do this every day by empowering our employees and collaborating with our customers to develop world-class software and next-generation solutions. SAP further strengthened our global research and development (R&D) efforts in 2015 by investing
in our SAP Labs network and the new SAP Innovation Center Network. Nearly all of our software products are developed at our 15 SAP Labs locations in 13
countries across the globe. This global reach means that we have access to leading talent worldwide; in addition, we can collaborate with top universities throughout the world and have access to major technology hubs as well as diverse and vibrant
startup communities. By understanding trends in different regions, as well as the specific needs of our customers that operate there, SAP has a major strategic advantage in developing products and services for the future. In addition to our SAP Labs, we also expanded from two SAP Innovation Center locations to an SAP Innovation Center Network of 10 locations across four continents.
This network is a dedicated unit within our development organization that is responsible for identifying new markets for SAP and pioneering game-changing solutions using transformational technologies. Through the SAP Innovation Center Network, we
can closely collaborate with customers, partners, and academia to explore trends such as machine learning and block chain, among others. We have
identified several key markets and opportunities that hold significant revenue potential and allow us to apply our unique capabilities. Currently, areas include future enterprise applications, personalized medicine, 32 Table of Contents and smart cities. We are tackling a range of challenges facing these areas, from designing the future of business software to developing new approaches to treating cancer and helping decrease
traffic congestion. Our revitalized research organization has become an applied research entity with its main focus on machine learning for enterprise
applications, personalized medicine, in-memory data management, and security. Our new research approach focuses sharply on potential business impact while collaborating with the best research institutions worldwide for selected topics. Our innovation stems from many places, and we draw on the ideas of our customers, partners, startups, academia, and, most importantly, our own employees. Our
overarching goal is to foster organic innovation and support the transformation of great ideas into profitable business. In support of this vision, we established a Company-wide “intrapreneurship” program that enables employees to develop
their ideas in an internal incubator at SAP. In addition to our employees, our customers provide us with unique insights about their business models
and digitization challenges. We also work with customers on co-innovation and custom development projects. Our partners and their solutions enhance these efforts in a range of ways, such as at our SAP Co-Innovation Lab locations, which
support engagements ranging from strategic alliances to key proofs of concept. R&D Investment SAP’s strong commitment to R&D is reflected in our expenditures: In 2015, we increased our R&D expense (IFRS) by € 515 million, to € 2,845 million (2014: € 2,331 million). We spent 13.7% of total revenue on R&D in 2015 (2014: 13.3%). Our non-IFRS R&D expense as a portion of total
operating expenses declined slightly from 18.5% to 18.3% year-over-year. At the end of 2015, our total full-time equivalent (FTE) count in development
work was 20,938 (2014: 18,908). Measured in FTEs, our R&D headcount was 27% of total headcount (2014: 25%). Total R&D expense not only includes our own personnel costs but also the external cost of works and services from the providers and
cooperation partners we work with to deliver and enhance our products. We also incur external costs for translating, localizing, and testing products, for obtaining certification for them in different markets, patent attorney services and fees,
strategy consulting, and the professional development of our R&D workforce. Research and Development (IFRS) Patents As a market leader in enterprise applications, SAP actively seeks intellectual property protection for innovations and proprietary information. Our software
innovations continue to strengthen our market position in business solutions and services. Our investment in R&D has resulted in numerous patents. As at December 31, 2015, SAP holds a total of more than 7,224 validated patents
worldwide. Of these, 893 were granted and validated in 2015. While our intellectual property is important to our success, we believe our business as a
whole is not dependent on any particular patent. Guiding our Customers through Every Step of their Digital Transformation In addition to creating new solutions for the digital era, we recognize that we must partner with our customers to help them make the most of these innovations
based on their unique needs and goals. Through our worldwide service and support, we guide companies at every stage of their digital transformation. We focus on creating and delivering strategies for our customers’ digital journey, accelerating
innovation, driving simplification of business and IT, and ensuring that expected business value is realized and continuously optimized. In 2015, we
radically simplified how we engage with our customers and deliver services, greatly harmonizing our portfolio. Under the new SAP ONE Service approach, we also introduced a new commercial model providing one service portfolio, out of one global
organization, and under one contract. 33 Table of Contents We see enormous potential for our customers to simplify their own businesses and seize new opportunities through SAP
HANA, with SAP S/4HANA as their new digital core. For this reason, adoption of these innovations is a key pillar in our service and support strategy. To ensure the expected customer outcomes, we offer high-value services tailored to the various
customer scenarios supporting the adoption of SAP S/4HANA: – System conversion: Customers changing their current SAP system to SAP S/4HANA – Landscape transformation: Customers consolidating their landscape or carving out selected entities or processes into a system running SAP S/4HANA – New implementation: Customers migrating from a third-party legacy system or installation of SAP S/4HANA for a new customer In mid-2015, we also introduced SAP Activate, an innovation adoption framework to further support the fast and effective implementation of SAP S/4HANA. Offering a
unique combination of SAP Best Practices and guided configuration, the new methodology provides ready-to-run digitized business processes optimized for SAP S/4HANA. It allows customers to flexibly choose the approach for their business needs, from a
new implementation to an integration to a migration scenario. As they continue on their path to digitization, we work with large enterprise customers
to forge a co-engineering and co-innovation relationship, so that they can influence and shape existing SAP solutions while gaining early access to product innovation. We help define future software solution standards together with our customers in
comprehensive engagements and serve as a trusted advisor during delivery of innovative solutions for the future. ACQUISITIONS Focusing on
Organic Growth and Targeting “Fill-in” Technology through Acquisitions As SAP prepares itself for the new digital economy, we may make
acquisitions that advance our strategic goals. In 2015, SAP acquired Multiposting, a French cloud-computing company with more than 80 employees that provides software for the automatic posting of jobs and internships on the Internet. Multiposting is
based in Paris and is a European leader in job posting solutions. With this acquisition, SAP plans to offer customers the best end-to-end cloud recruiting suite on the market, including the ability to efficiently post jobs to a global network of
thousands of channels. The Multiposting solution will be available as part of the existing recruiting offering in our human capital management portfolio as well as in all its current forms – as a stand-alone product, as a Web service, and
through import. Organic growth is the primary driver of our growth strategy. We will invest in our own product development and
technology innovation, improving the speed, number of projects, and innovations brought to market. We may also acquire targeted and “fill-in” technology and software to add to our broad solution offerings and improve coverage in key
strategic markets. By doing so, we strive to best support our customers’ needs for simplified operations. We do not anticipate significant acquisitions in 2016 or 2017. For more information about our acquisitions, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (4). Investing in the Next Generation of Technology Leaders through Venture Activities Through investments in
venture capital funds managed by Sapphire Ventures (formerly called SAP Ventures), which comprises our consolidated investments in venture funds, SAP supports investments in entrepreneurs worldwide that aspire to build industry-leading businesses.
Over the past 19 years, Sapphire Ventures has invested in more than 130 companies on five continents. Some of these companies have been acquired by third parties or have become publicly listed companies. Sapphire Ventures aims to invest in the next generation of global category technology leaders as well as early-stage venture capital funds in enterprise and
consumer technology. Specifically, Sapphire Ventures pursues opportunities in which it can help fuel growth by adding expertise, relationships, geographic reach, and capital. It invests globally with a particular focus on emerging companies and
early stage funds in Europe, Israel, and the United States, as well as in Brazil, China, and India. SAP’s total commitment to Sapphire Ventures is
US$1.4 billion for use over the lifetime of its respective funds. Investments through the funds are currently ongoing. For more information about
our consolidated investment funds, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (33). PARTNER
ECOSYSTEM Working together to extend SAP’s Reach in the Marketplace SAP proudly works with a network of more than 13,000 partners worldwide that helps companies of all sizes tackle complexity, grow their business, and Run Simple. SAP partners extend our reach in the
marketplace and accelerate our Company’s growth, reaching thousands of new companies and millions of users each year. Our partner community plays an 34 Table of Contents important role in our success, delivering expertise through pioneering solutions to provide our mutual customers tools to succeed in the developing digital and services-based economy. Partners add tremendous value to both SAP and customers. They sell our software and cloud services, develop complementary software and solutions, and provide a
broad portfolio of implementation and professional services that support customers across all geographies and industries. Last year we saw outstanding
growth in SAP’s partnerships. For example, partners were responsible for nearly 90% of new SAP software customers. SAP Business One, one of our core ERP solutions for small and midsize enterprises (SMEs) and sold exclusively through partners,
reached its 50,000th customer. Nearly 55% of all SAP S/4HANA software license deals were won by partners and our cloud revenue through partners reported triple-digit growth. Together with our strategic technology and service partners, we created a
number of powerful and compelling joint solutions and services that help customers transform and run their businesses simpler. In the past year, SAP
made several transformational moves designed to increase our joint success in the market, including: – SAP SME Solutions: More than 80% of SAP customers are small and midsize enterprises (SMEs), and we support the majority through our partner networks and
other channels. To boost our reach, we introduced this SME-specific portfolio marketing approach and a Run Simple advertising and demand generation campaign around our core ERP solutions for SMEs: SAP Business All-in-One, SAP Business ByDesign, and
SAP Business One. As growing businesses transform in the digital economy, SAP has equipped partners with these and other tools, solutions, and programs they need to drive more demand in this important market. – SAP Anywhere debut: Late in 2015, we launched SAP Anywhere, a revolutionary cloud solution that allows small businesses to connect with customers anytime,
anywhere on any device. It is now available in China and is expected to be introduced in the United Kingdom and the United States in 2016. SAP Anywhere represents a new opportunity for partners. With our commitment to “SAP Anywhere,
Everywhere,” our partners can resell a complete cloud-based solution that manages marketing, sales, and e-commerce activities in one complete front-office system using real-time analytics. – SAP PartnerEdge program enhancements: To build stronger relationships and increased business opportunities, SAP introduced the next generation of its flagship partner program in 2015. Among the improvements, we reduced the number of partner engagement options from more than 30 to just
four – Run, Build, Service, and Sell – making it easier for partners to engage with SAP. We streamlined processes and relaunched the SAP PartnerEdge Web site to give partners easier access to resources and real-time visibility into their
SAP business. While reselling, implementation, and services are a large part of our ecosystem’s effort, SAP partner innovation
on our technology platforms is also essential to market penetration. Partners develop their own applications and solutions called SAP Solution Extensions, which can then be sold to customers and other partners. These partner-developed solutions are
tested, validated, approved, and supported by SAP. In addition, the SAP PartnerEdge program for Application Development, which grew to more than
1,100 active members in 2015, encourages partners to build complementary solutions on top of our technology platforms – and quickly monetize those solutions through SAP e-commerce channels. Partners also embed SAP technology within their offerings under an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) licensing agreement, giving customers SAP software
functionality backed by partner industry knowledge and expertise. 2015 was a seminal year for our partner managed cloud business, where our partner
recruitment and enablement success has expanded the number of customers benefiting from the flexibility, rapid time to value, and pay-as-you-go economics of a managed cloud with enterprise-class SAP solutions. SAP will continue to drive business growth through partners in 2016, continuing to identify and recruit key partners and develop the innovative programs and
initiatives that fuel our mutual success. CUSTOMERS Helping Customers Run Simple When SAP customers Run Simple, it improves their ability ultimately to become
best-run businesses that create more sustainable business models – which, in turn, help us ensure our own long-term viability. That is why we strive to provide more than just software and services; we continually engage with our customers at
every stage – not only during the sales and implementation phases, but also through the sharing of best practices and innovations. 35 Table of Contents One example of this strategy is our Customer Engagement Initiative. This program offers customers early insight into
certain aspects of our planned innovations, so they can influence new developments. In addition, it offers customers the opportunity to network on topics of mutual interest. These networking opportunities take place at a variety of global events,
including the SAPPHIRE NOW, SAP Select, SAP Forum, and SAP TechEd conferences, as well as virtual events. Customer Focus Reflected in Customer Net
Promoter Score Customer loyalty is one of our four Company-wide strategic objectives, along with growth, profitability, and employee engagement. In
2015, our combined on-premise and cloud Customer NPS is 22.4% (2014: 19.1%). Due to changes in sampling, resulting from ongoing efforts to implement the survey process holistically in recently acquired entities, the 2015 score is not fully
comparable with the prior year’s score. Our goal continues to be to best support our customers’ success and the success of SAP. For example,
we are expanding on the insights provided by our surveys through root cause analysis to gain a better understanding of customer problems, why they happened, and what needs to be done to prevent those problems from happening again. Our combined on-premise and cloud NPS target for 2016 is 25%, 2.6 percentage points above our 2015 achievement. For more information about the Customer NPS, see the Performance Management System section. Strong Customer Demand Our strategy focuses on offering solutions and services to help customers Run Simple
today and tomorrow. To do so, we offer a spectrum, from complete suites to applications that are lean, focused, quick to implement, and highly mobile. In 2015, we saw customers embrace this strategy by licensing or subscribing to the full range of
SAP software, from comprehensive solutions for large enterprises to the latest mobile apps. Some examples by region include the following customers: North America and Latin America (Americas) Region – Adobe , a multinational computer software company, has chosen the SAP Hybris Billing solution as its monetization and billing platform to support a new
SaaS business model. Adobe seeks to support fast subscription-revenue growth on a flexible and scalable platform, while significantly reducing time to launch innovative and flexible offers and promotions. – American Airlines , the world’s largest airline, has selected several SAP SuccessFactors solutions, as well as the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service and SAP HANA Cloud Platform. The company’s goal is to enhance service to its employees and reduce operating costs while remaining focused on its
core business. – Eastman Kodak , a technology company focused on imaging, selected the SAP S/4HANA suite to help reduce total cost of IT ownership. In addition, Kodak plans
to establish an IT infrastructure to position its organization for future growth and innovation. – Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) has committed to and invested in implementing one of the largest installations of the SAP S/4HANA Finance
solution for their internal foundational platform to support its digital transformation. With SAP S/4HANA, HPE aims to be better able to take advantage of real-time access to operational and financial data with the goal of improving the speed of
decision making and operating more efficiently; reducing the time for financial close; and delivering actionable intelligence throughout its business. The aim is to ensure HPE becomes more competitive in the marketplace. – Stara , a leader in agricultural machinery headquartered in Brazil, selected SAP HANA Cloud Portal, as well as SAP Cloud for Customer, SAP SuccessFactors
Employee Central, and SAP SuccessFactors Talent Management solutions. Stara expects to simplify its business processes while improving sales efficiency through greater control of critical company information. Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Region – Boryung Pharmaceutical , one of the leading pharmaceutical manufacturers in South Korea, selected SAP S/4HANA Finance for its simple user experience,
simple business solution, simple data model, and shorter go-live time. – La Trobe University in Australia went live with SAP S/4HANA Finance. As one of the first organizations globally to adopt SAP S/4HANA Finance, La Trobe
University aims to benefit from instant insight across financial and operational processes to drive value through planning, analysis, prediction and simulation. They have a term for it; they call it “Brilliant Basics.” – Lenovo Group , a multinational computer technology company, is expanding its HANA footprint by moving data from all systems to the SAP HANA platform. – PetroChina , China’s largest oil producer, has implemented SAP Business Warehouse powered by SAP HANA and SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence
solutions. Since the system went live in late July, HR reporting performance is three to ten times faster than before, which has empowered HR director-level management to make strategic decisions based on Big Data analysis. 36 Table of Contents – St Barbara , an Australian-based, ASX-listed gold producer and explorer, selected the SAP SuccessFactors Performance & Goals solution. The
solution has enabled St Barbara to replace its paper-based performance management process with a cloud-based solution that also supports its offshore locations. Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) Region – ArcelorMittal , the world’s leading steel and mining company, selected SAP S/4HANA to streamline business processes, improve productivity, and
decrease costs. The company seeks to enhance its position by serving an increasingly strong innovation agenda around the world. – Bosch Group , a leading global supplier of technology and services, has chosen SAP S/4HANA to rebuild its IT infrastructure, seeking a simplified and
harmonized landscape that helps them offer connected services to customers. – City Football Group (CFG) is the owner of a number of soccer-related businesses including Manchester City Football Club and New York City Football Club.
CFG and its clubs will implement a wide variety of cloud-based solutions powered by SAP HANA with the aim of simplifying their worldwide operations, scaling their business, increasing productivity, and enhancing the fan experience. – E.ON Group has chosen the limited runtime edition of SAP HANA; SAP Mobile Platform; and SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite. The company, which is splitting into
two entities, seeks to streamline its system landscape, replace homegrown software, and reduce its on-premise footprint. – Hydro , a global aluminium company based in Norway, selected SAP S/4HANA to “replatform” and renew its IT system landscape. With the suite, Hydro
expects to have access to real time information, thereby running at optimal efficiency and safety, which are key elements of its strategic vision. Helping Customers Invest To help companies invest in SAP solutions and associated services and hardware, SAP
Payment services offers customers payment plans. SAP Payment services can help preserve liquidity, provide an alternative to credit from customers’ existing banking relationships, and balance their budgetary priorities, while giving them the
flexibility to choose their preferred solution. ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE: ENERGY AND EMISSIONS In 2015, we made significant progress toward our goals for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, taking advantage of the digitalization and green technology
trends that are driving transformational changes across the global economy. These trends can have a significant impact on energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions. We are applying these trends to our own business and helping our customers apply them to their businesses. For example, by enabling
business model transformation, using advances such as smart grids and the Internet of Things, SAP is helping connected digital business networks reduce overall carbon footprints. Strengthening our “Green Cloud” We see that energy consumption in data centers
is closely related to innovation and customer adoption of our solutions. As we accelerate our shift to the cloud, we have tied our business strategy to our environmental strategy by creating a completely “green cloud” at SAP, referring to
carbon neutrality, by purchasing 100% renewable electricity certificates and compensation by CO 2 offsets. In assessing our environmental impact, we focus on energy usage
throughout SAP, as well as greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain. Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions Our goal is to reduce the net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from our operations to levels of the year 2000 by 2020. This target includes all direct and indirect
emissions from running our business (GHG Protocol Scopes 1 and 2), as well as a selected subset of other indirect (Scope 3) emissions. We do not include all of our Scope 3 emissions in our target because we choose to focus on those emissions over
which we have direct control or ability to influence. However, we are increasingly addressing both our upstream and downstream emissions to support a comprehensive carbon strategy for SAP. Specifically, we are working to reduce our emissions through three primary approaches: increasing our operational efficiency combined with innovative approaches to the way we do things; purchasing high-quality
renewable electricity certificates; and investing in high-quality carbon credits. In addition to our long-term commitment for
2020, we have derived annual targets for our internal operational steering. Despite integrating new acquisitions in 2015, our total net emissions decreased to 455 kilotons CO 2 (2014: 500 kilotons). This decrease stems primarily from a reduction of business flights and compensation with carbon emission offsets. We are effectively compensating the emissions from those customer systems that have moved into our green cloud.
Given the large size of our customers’ CO 2 footprints and our growth strategy in the cloud, we see significant potential to reduce both our own and our customers’
environmental impact. Since the beginning of 2008, our focus on carbon emissions has generated a cumulative cost avoidance of 37 Table of Contents € 346 million, compared to a business-as-usual scenario. This leads to an
avoidance of € 124 million in the past three years, with € 39.8 million avoided in 2015 alone. Investing in Environmental Innovations We are pursuing new strategies to contend with the ongoing tension between growth in our business and our goal to reduce our emissions. One
such approach is the introduction of carbon emission offsets for business flights in 2015. In addition to avoiding and reducing overall business flights, we began, in the second half of 2015, to offset selected business flights in the United States,
as this is the country with the greatest number of business flights. This offset effort resulted in a compensation of 35 kilotons of CO 2 . SAP continues to invest in technology that enables virtual collaboration, supporting our efforts to reduce the need for employees to travel. In addition to our
TelePresence and video conferencing platforms, new collaboration rooms based on the Skype for Business communications platform bring new features that enable teamwork across borders and time zones. More than 100 collaboration rooms have been
installed throughout SAP with more planned for 2016. Because more employees adopt video chat as their preferred method of communication, more than 1,200 meeting spaces have been equipped with 360-degree cameras – giving remote participants a
more interactive experience. Skype for Business also enables each employee to video chat from their computer. To further decrease car-related
emissions, we plan to increase the portion of electric vehicles (or alternatives) in our company car fleet from the current 1% to 20% by 2020. At the end of 2015, we have 57 charging stations and 55 pure electric vehicles in our company car fleet at
our headquarters in Walldorf, and approximately 300 e-cars globally. Our company car initiatives address a dilemma that has grown in recent years. As a result of our business expansion, the number of SAP
employees eligible for a company car has increased annually. We want to ensure that we do not undo our efficiency gains with our growing car fleet. In
keeping with our existing policy for office buildings and data centers, all our electric company cars charged at SAP are powered with 100% renewable sources. In Germany, for example, we provide employees with an incentive to switch to electric
alternatives by offering a battery subsidy that offsets the costs of using an electric vehicle. We believe that our electric car initiative will play a critical role in helping achieve our 2020 carbon reduction goal. In 2015, emissions caused by SAP products in use at the sites of more than 300,000 customers were almost 15 times larger than SAP’s own footprint, meaning these products caused approximately 6,800 kilotons of CO 2 . By
using 100% renewable electricity, we dramatically broaden our sustainability efforts and align them with our cloud strategy, reducing the carbon emissions of our cloud solutions to zero. We continued to realize the benefits of our investment in the Livelihoods Fund, a unique investment fund whose returns consist of high-quality carbon credits. Several years ago, we made a commitment to investing € 3 million covering a 20-year participation in the fund, which supports the sustainability of agricultural and rural communities
worldwide. Projects of this fund focus on ecosystem restoration, agriculture, agroforestry, and rural energy. In eastern India, for example, the fund helped communities plant fruit trees to diversify food sources and address the overcultivation
of soil. Instead of a charitable donation, we have made a long-term investment that brings benefits to society, the environment, and SAP. In 2015, we received carbon credits from the fund, which helped us to offset our carbon footprint by 23
kilotons. Another important program in 2015 was the further implementation of ISO 14001 in SAP locations throughout the world. This well-accepted
environmental management system is now in place at 32 of our locations worldwide, including our North America headquarters in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, as well as in Palo Alto, San Francisco, Sunnyvale, and Dublin, California, both in the United
States; and other countries including Austria, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, and South Africa. New sites in Singapore and Switzerland, as well as Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in Brazil, were certified in 2015. To act
more quickly and achieve consistency, we created a template to roll out in other sites, enabling us to efficiently build a large global network where different sites interact and share best practices. Our goal is to continually increase the number
of certified locations; we aim for total full-time equivalent (FTE) coverage of 70% by 2018. By end of 2015, SAP had an environmental management system (ISO 14001) in place in 15 countries and 32 single sites. This represents a total FTE coverage of
22.2%. Measuring our Total Energy Consumed Because our energy usage drives emissions, one of the most important measures for us is total energy consumed. This includes all energy that SAP generates or
purchases to run our facilities, data centers, company cars, and corporate jets. Our total energy consumption increased to 965 gigawatt hours (GWh) in 2015, compared to 920 GWh in 2014. This increase is due to growth in our workforce and business. In addition, as software usage shifts to the 38 Table of Contents cloud, we are operating more of our customers’ systems in our data centers, as well as other locations where we supplement our servers. This additional cloud operation, along with
accompanying servers and facilities, consumes more energy. At the same time, we believe this shift has the opposite effect for our customers that are now able to simplify their technology and save energy through our shared infrastructure. This
reduces overall IT-related energy consumption through our highly energy-efficient cloud provisioning. Optimizing Efficiency in our Data Centers Data centers are at the heart of how SAP provides solutions to our customers and represents a significant part of our total greenhouse gas
emissions. At the same time, with our energy consumption rising as more of our business moves to the cloud, data centers have become a primary focus of our carbon reduction efforts and the adoption of our technology innovations and solutions towards
our customers. We continue to drive efficiency and innovation around buildings, data center operations, and infrastructure. For example, in one of our largest data centers in St. Leon-Rot, Germany, we received an energy efficiency certificate from
TÜV Rheinland, a leading provider of technical, safety, and certification services, with an efficiency score of 98.7%. One hundred percent of our energy usage that provides internal and external computation power comes from renewable sources.
Our total data center electricity consumption at both our internal and external sites increased from 179 in 2014 to 249 GWh in 2015. In recognition of the exemplary actions SAP has taken to improve our data centers, we were awarded the European
Datacentre Sustainability Award in 2015. Reinforcing our Renewable Electricity Strategy Our commitment to 100% renewable electricity in all of our internal and external data centers and facilities is one of the most significant steps toward making our operations more sustainable. In 2015, we
mainly focused on wind and, to a lesser extent, on biomass. While we produce a small amount of renewable electricity through solar panels in some locations, we rely primarily on the purchase of renewable electricity certificates (RECs) to increase
the renewable electricity in our energy mix. We procure RECs regionally that add value and drive change in the electricity market, adopting high-quality standards in our procurement guidelines that are aligned with two non-governmental organizations
(NGOs). For example, we consider renewable electricity from biomass only if it is disconnected from coal or other fossil power plants and if the biomass itself is not related to deforestation. In addition, we require that power plants must be no
more than 10 years old, as we aim to foster new innovation in the production of renewable electricity. Furthermore, SAP is not considering RECs from power plants that are currently supported by governments. As a vintage requirement, we define that renewable electricity must be produced in the same year or the year before the reporting period will be applied. In 2015, SAP joined the green initiative RE100 and is now one of the global corporations that have signed on to the RE100 initiative. RE100 is led by The Climate
Group in partnership with CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) and the goal of the campaign is to have 100 of the world’s most influential businesses committed to 100% renewable electricity. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND LICENSES We rely on a combination of the protections provided by applicable statutory and common law rights, including trade secret, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, license and non-disclosure agreements, and
technical measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products. For further details on risks related to SAP’s intellectual property rights, see “Item 3. Key Information – Risk Factors – Operational
Risks.” We may be dependent in the aggregate on technology that we license from third parties that is embedded into our products or that we resell
to our customers. We have licensed and will continue to license numerous third-party software products that we incorporate into and/or distribute with our existing products. We endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective agreements by obtaining
certain rights in case such agreements are terminated. We are a party to patent cross-license agreements with several third parties. We are named as a defendant or plaintiff in various legal proceedings for alleged intellectual property infringements. See Note (23) to our Consolidated
Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion relating to certain of these legal proceedings. DESCRIPTION OF
PROPERTY Our principal office is located in Walldorf, Germany, where we own and occupy approximately 430,000 square meters of office and
datacenter space including our facilities in neighboring St. Leon-Rot. We also own and lease office space in various other locations in Germany, totaling approximately 120,000 square meters. In approximately 70 countries worldwide, we occupy roughly
1,615,000 square meters. The space in most locations other than our principal office in Germany is leased. We also own certain real properties in Newtown Square and Palo Alto (United States); Bangalore (India); Sao Leopoldo (Brazil); London (UK) and
a few other locations in and outside of Germany. 39 Table of Contents The office and datacenter space we occupy includes approximately 305,000 square meters in the EMEA region, excluding
Germany, approximately 410,000 square meters in the region North and Latin America, and approximately 350,000 square meters in the APJ Region. With the acquisition of Concur in 2014, we added approximately 50,000 square meters to our real estate portfolio. This portfolio is included in the group portfolio
disclosed above. The space is being utilized for various corporate functions including research and development, our data centers, customer support,
sales and marketing, consulting, training, administration and messaging. Substantially all our facilities are being fully used or sublet. For a discussion on our non-current assets by geographic region see Note (28) to our Consolidated
Financial Statements. Also see, “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Employees,” which discusses the numbers of our employees, in FTE’s, by business area and by geographic region, which may be used to approximate
the productive capacity of our workspace in each region. We believe that our facilities are in good operating condition and adequate for our present
usage. We do not have any significant encumbrances on our properties. We do not believe we are subject to any environmental issues that may affect our utilization of any of our material assets. We are currently undertaking construction activities in
various locations to increase our capacity for future expansion of our business. Our significant construction activities are described below, under the heading “Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures Currently in Progress.” Capital Expenditures Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures Currently in Progress In 2015, we continued with various construction projects and started new construction activities in several locations. The expansion of our data centers is again an important aspect of our investments planned for
2016. We aim to extend our office space to be able to cover future growth. We plan to cover all of these projects in full from operating cash flow. Our most important projects are: – In Bangalore, India, we want to add additional capacity of roughly 2,500 employees. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 50 million, of which we had paid approximately € 7 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction of this office building in 2017. – In Ra’anana, Israel, we continued with the construction of a new building. We estimate the total cost of this project to be approximately € 60 million, of which we had paid
approximately € 25 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction of this office building in 2016. – In our research center in Potsdam, Germany, we started a third construction phase to realize additional capacity for approximately 150 employees. With the
extension of our research center, we aim to create the general conditions for further teams contributing innovations to SAP products in miscellaneous fields. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 16 million, of which we had paid approximately € 11 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction of this office building in 2016. – In New York, New York, in the United States, we continued executing the leasehold improvements for our new office space. The project includes the consolidation
of our New York City offices for approximately 450 employees. We estimate the total capital expenditures for this project to be approximately € 34 million, of which we had paid approximately € 3.5 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the leasehold improvements in 2016. – In Dubai, United Arab Emirates, we continued with our office consolidation project including an expansion of office space adding additional capacity for
100 employees. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 11 million, of which we had paid approximately € 0.9 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the leasehold improvements in 2016. – In Walldorf, Germany, we started construction on a new office building for about 700 employees. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 71 million, of which we had paid approximately € 0.5 million as of December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction in 2018. – In Walldorf, Germany, we also started construction on a new data center as well as a new power station. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 58 million, of which we had paid approximately € 0.7 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction for both projects in 2017. – In Prague, Czech Republic, we started the expansion of an office building and began an office move. We estimate the total capital expenditures for this project
to be approximately € 19 million. We expect to complete the project in 2016. – In Colorado Springs, Colorado, in the United States, we started construction on a new data center in 2015. We estimate the total cost of this project to be
approximately € 75 million. We expect to complete the construction of this data center in 2017. 40 Table of Contents – In San Ramon, California, in the United States, we began an office move. We estimate the total cost of this move to be approximately € 22 million. We expect to complete this project in 2017. – In Shanghai, China, we started an expansion of our office building. We estimate the total cost to be approximately € 15 million, of which we had paid approximately € 2 million as at December 31, 2015. We expect to complete the construction in 2016. For more information about planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. There were no material divestitures within the reporting period. Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures for the Last Three Years Our principal capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment amounted to € 580 million in 2015 (2014: € 666 million; 2013: € 553 million). Principal capital expenditures in 2015 for property, plant, and equipment decreased compared to 2014 mainly due to lower
replacement investments in hardware. Furthermore, compared to 2014, SAP did not have material acquisitions in 2015, resulting in fewer additions. The increase from 2013 to 2014 was due to the acquisition of Concur, the replacement and purchase of
computer hardware and vehicles acquired in the normal course of business and investments in data centers. Principal capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment for the period from January 1, 2016 to the date of this report were € 97 million. Our capital expenditures for
intangible assets such as acquired technologies and customer relationships amounted to € 70 million in 2015 compared to € 1,954 million in 2014 (2013: € 419 million). Capital expenditures for intangible assets decreased from 2014 to 2015 because we only executed one small acquisition in
2015, while the increase from 2013 to 2014 was due to the acquisitions of Concur and Fieldglass in 2014. Our investments allocated to goodwill decreased to € 27 million in 2015 from € 6,072 million in 2014 (2013: € 842 million). The decrease from 2014 to 2015 in the additions to goodwill was primarily attributable to executing only one small acquisition in
2015 compared to 2014 when we acquired Concur and Fieldglass. These 2014 acquisitions also caused the significant increase from 2013 to 2014 as we executed only a few small acquisitions in 2013. For further details on acquisitions and related
capital expenditures, see Note (4) and Note (15) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information regarding the
principal markets in which SAP conducts business, including a breakdown of total revenues by category of activity and geographic market for each of the last three years, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects –
Operating Results (IFRS)” of this report. ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS OVERVIEW For information on our principal sources of revenue and how the different
types of revenue are classified in our income statement refer to Note (3b) to our Consolidated Financial Statements, section Revenue Recognition. See “Item 4. Information about SAP – Products, Research & Development, and Services” for a more detailed description of the products and
services we offer. The following discussion is provided to enable a better understanding of our operating results for the periods covered, including: – the factors that we believe impacted our performance in 2015; – our outlook for 2015 compared to our actual performance (non-IFRS); – a discussion of our operating results for 2015 compared to 2014 and for 2014 compared to 2013; – the factors that we believe will impact our performance in 2016; and – our operational targets for 2016 (non-IFRS). The preceding overview should be read in conjunction with the more detailed discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in this
Item 5, “Item 3. Key Information – Risk Factors” and “Item 18. Financial Statements.” ECONOMY AND THE MARKET Global
Economic Trends In its most recent report, the European Central Bank (ECB) concludes that the global economy grew gradually and unevenly in 2015.
The ECB finds that low oil prices, favorable financing conditions, and improving labor markets helped advanced economies perform better than in previous years. However, growth in emerging markets and developing economies remained relatively weak,
according to the ECB. It cites tight global financing conditions and declining commodity prices as the causes. For the Europe, Middle East, and Africa
(EMEA) region, the ECB reports contrasting developments. According to its calculations, the gross domestic product of the euro area grew 1.5% in 2015. It finds that this recovery was mainly due to increasing domestic demand. The economies of Central
and Eastern European countries were robust, according to the ECB, while Russia was in significant recession. 41 Table of Contents The economic performance of the countries in the Americas region was also uneven. According to the ECB, the United
States economy firmed in 2015, and weakened slightly only in the third quarter. However, a number of countries in Latin America slipped into recession; notably Brazil, where the downturn was mainly due to political uncertainty. In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, Japan’s economy struggled to gain momentum in 2015, the ECB notes. However, the ECB also points to a slight recovery
in the third quarter and signs of growth at the end of the year. China refocused its economy in 2015, easing its monetary policy and introducing a new exchange rate regime in the summer, the ECB reports. This increased political uncertainty and
economic growth slowed. The ECB writes that business-friendly reforms in India boosted investment and, after a temporary decline in the second quarter, led to an increase in economic growth from mid-year onwards. The IT Market Growth in the global IT market slowed from
the second quarter of 2015, U.S. market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC) reports. It attributes this development to the contracting PC market, the encroachment on traditional IT business by cloud services, and weak economic
performance in countries such as Brazil, China, and Russia. IDC lowered its forecast for IT market growth in 2015, and at the end of the year it expected the global IT market to have grown 4.9% year over year – still ahead of the economy as a
whole. However, according to IDC, IT spending did not grow evenly across the segments. It pointed to strong growth in cloud, mobile, and Big Data, with
service providers increasing investment in server and data storage hardware. IDC reports that smartphone market expansion, which had been rapid in the previous year, slowed significantly in 2015 due to saturation. In 2015, the rate of smartphone
market growth was closer to that of the IT market as a whole. Even the tablet market was unable to make up for this loss of momentum, IDC notes. By
contrast, worldwide spending on business software increased significantly, at 6.8% in 2015, according to IDC. The share of investment in cloud, mobile, and Big Data solutions continued to increase. However, according to IDC, this had an adverse
effect on services, which grew only 2.8%. IDC reports that IT spending in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region (EMEA) increased 1.5% in 2015, and
by as much as 5% in Western Europe due to the economic recovery there. In Germany, the IT market grew even more strongly at over 6%. In Russia, though, low oil prices, depreciation of the ruble, and economic sanctions had a significant negative impact, IDC reports. It expects the Russian IT market declined 15% in 2015. In the Americas region, the IT market grew 4.6% according to IDC. In its view, the U.S. market remained largely stable. It grew 3% overall, somewhat less than in
the previous year, mainly due to the weakening market for smartphones and tablets. Software, on the other hand, grew strongly at 7% in the United States, according to IDC. In Brazil, IT investment increased 11% in 2015, though this increase has to
be seen in the context of high inflation. IDC put growth in the Mexican IT market at almost 13%. In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, IDC reports
that the IT market there grew almost 6% in 2015. The IT markets in individual countries performed very differently. In Japan, IT spending remained constant year over year. In China, growth in the IT market slowed to 8% (2014: 12%). In India,
however, in 2015 IT spending grew very strongly at 11%, according to IDC. Impact on SAP Once again, growth in the overall global economy and in the IT industry was relatively slow in a volatile market environment in 2015. This confronted SAP with considerable challenges. But our tremendous 2015
results validate our strategy of innovating across the core, the cloud, and business networks to help our customers become true digital enterprises. We once again succeeded in significantly expanding our business and outperformed the overall global
economy and IT industry in all regions in 2015 with regards to revenue growth. Our non-IFRS cloud and software revenue increased 12% at constant
currencies in 2015. Both our core business and our cloud business contributed substantially to the increase. Our core business grew with non-IFRS software and support revenue increasing 6% at constant currencies. This was driven by a 4%
year-over-year increase in our non-IFRS software revenue at constant currencies, while our resilient constant currency non-IFRS support revenue grew 7%. Support revenue is a robust feature of our core business model because a maintenance contract
generally continues for as long as the customer uses the software. Our cloud business growth was strong as well. Non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue grew 82% over the year at constant currencies. For more details about our regional performance, see the Revenue by Region section below. In 2015, we again demonstrated that we are consistently pursuing our strategy for innovation and growth – and that globally we are able to generate growth that few other IT companies can match. 42 Table of Contents PERFORMANCE AGAINST OUTLOOK FOR 2015 (NON-IFRS) Our 2015 operating profit-related internal management goals and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial measures. For this reason, in the next
section we discuss performance against our outlook only in terms of non-IFRS numbers derived from IFRS measures. The subsequent section about IFRS operating results discusses numbers only in terms of the International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRSs). So the numbers in that section are not expressly identified as IFRS numbers. We acquired Concur Technologies in December 2014, so Concur
results are incorporated in our 2014 results only for December. We acquired Fieldglass in May 2014, so Fieldglass results are incorporated in our 2014 results only from May to December. Similarly, because we acquired hybris in August 2013, hybris
results are incorporated in our 2013 results only from August to December. Guidance for 2015 (Non-IFRS) At the beginning of 2015, we projected, based on the strong momentum in our cloud business, that our non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue would end between € 1.95 billion and € 2.05 billion
at constant currencies (2014: € 1.10 billion). The upper end of this range represents a growth rate of 86% at constant currencies. The
acquired companies Concur and Fieldglass were expected to contribute approximately 50 percentage points to this growth. SAP expected full-year 2015 non-IFRS cloud and software revenue to increase by 8% to 10% at constant currencies (2014: € 14.33 billion). We also expected our full-year operating profit (non-IFRS) for 2015 to end between € 5.6 billion and € 5.9 billion
(2014: € 5.64 billion) at constant currencies. We anticipated an effective tax rate (IFRS) of between 25.0% and 26.0% (2014: 24.7%) and an
effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of between 26.5% and 27.5% (2014: 26.1%). To assist in understanding our 2015 performance
as compared to our 2015 outlook a reconciliation from our IFRS financial measures to our non-IFRS financial measures is provided below. These IFRS financial measures reconcile to the nearest non-IFRS equivalents as follows: € millions, except operating margin IFRS Financial Measure Recurring Revenue not Recorded Under IFRS Acqui- sition- Related Charges Share- Based Payments Restruc- turing Non-IFRS Financial Measure Currency Effect on the Non- IFRS Financial Measure Non-IFRS Financial Measure at Constant Currency Cloud subscriptions and support 2,286 10 NA NA NA 2,296 – 297 1,999 Software licenses and support 14,928 2 NA NA NA 14,930 – 933 13,997 Cloud and software 17,214 11 NA NA NA 17,226 – 1,230 15,996 Total
revenue (1) 20,793 11 NA NA NA 20,805 – 1,505 19,299 Operating
profit (1) 4,252 11 738 724 621 6,348 – 443 5,904 Operating margin (in %) 20.5 0 3.5 3.5 3.0 30.5 0.1 30.6 (1) Operating profit is the numerator and total revenue is the denominator in the calculation of our IFRS operating margin and the
comparable non-IFRS operating margin, and is included in this table for the convenience of the reader. 43 Table of Contents Actual Performance Compared to Guidance 2015 (Non-IFRS) We achieved or exceeded the amended outlook guidance for revenue and operating profit we published
at the beginning of the year. Comparison of Forecast and Results for 2015 Forecast for 2015 Results for 2015 Cloud subscriptions and support revenue € 1.95 billion € 2.00 billion (non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to € 2.05 
billion Cloud and software revenue +8% +12% (non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to +10% Operating profit € 5.6 billion € 5.90 billion (non-IFRS, at constant currencies) to € 5.9 
billion Effective tax rate (IFRS) 25.0% 23.4% to 26.0% Effective tax rate (non-IFRS) 26.5% 26.1% to 27.5% Despite ongoing economic uncertainty throughout 2015, our new and existing customers continued to show a strong
willingness to invest in our solutions. At constant currencies, non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue grew from € 1.1 billion in 2014 to € 2.0 billion in 2015. That represents an increase of 82% at constant currencies. The increase includes effects relating to
acquisitions not included, or not included in full, in the 2014 amount. Besides these positive acquisition effects our cloud line of business also continued to benefit from strong organic growth (32% at constant currencies), which surpassed our
long-term growth expectations for 2015. Starting with the reporting for the first quarter of 2015, SAP reports a new cloud related measure called
“new cloud bookings.” This measure is an order entry measure that is determined by including all order entry of a given period that meets all of the following conditions: – The revenue from the orders is expected to be classified as cloud subscriptions and support revenue. – It results from purchases by new customers and incremental purchases by existing customers. Consequently, orders to renew existing contracts are not included. – The order amount is contractually committed (that is, variable amounts from pay-per-use and similar arrangements are not included). Consequently, due to their
uncommitted pay-per-use nature,
transaction- based fees from SAP Ariba and SAP Fieldglass solutions are not reflected in the new cloud bookings metric. – Amounts are annualized. That is, for contracts with durations of more than one year, the average annual order entry amount is included in the number. Thus, the new cloud bookings measure is an indicator for our cloud-related sales success in a given period and for future cloud
subscriptions revenue. New cloud bookings increased 100% in 2015 to € 874 million (2014: € 436 million). Concur contributed € 169 million to new cloud bookings. In addition to the strong growth of the new cloud bookings the combination of our cloud backlog
(unbilled future revenue based on existing customer contracts) and deferred cloud revenue that together reflect the committed future cloud subscriptions and support revenue climbed by 53% to € 4.6 billion (2014: € 3.0
billion). This committed business will drive cloud growth in 2016 and beyond. Besides the cloud business also our core on-premise business showed an
exceptional growth in 2015. Cloud and software revenue (non-IFRS) was € 17.2 billion (2014: € 14.3 billion). On a constant currency basis, the increase was 12% and based on that result significantly above the forecast for 2015. Our total revenue (non-IFRS) rose 18% in 2015 to € 20.8 billion (2014: € 17.6 billion). On a constant currency basis, the increase was 10%. 44 Table of Contents Operating expenses (non-IFRS) in 2015 were € 14.5 billion (2014: € 11.9 billion), an increase of 21%. On a constant currency basis the
increase was 12%. Our expense base in 2015 was impacted by the transformation to a fast-growing cloud business resulting in a significant higher share
of more predictable revenue. The gross margins of our cloud offerings made good progress throughout 2015. Our gross margin (Non-IFRS) in our business network segment resulted in ~75% for 2015, already close to our long-term ambition of ~80%. This
good result is based on an overall improved profitability as well as related to positive effects of the Concur acquisition. The revenue growth of our private cloud offering was more positive than expected. At the same time, the profitability of our
private cloud offering could also be improved further; it is still negative but based on the good progress we saw throughout 2015, we expect break even in the course of 2016. Profitability in our public cloud offering was ~70% for 2015 compared to
our long-term ambition of ~80%. Our overall cloud gross margin improved year over year from 64.3% in 2014 to 65.6% in 2015, despite incremental investments in the cloud infrastructure. These investments were necessary so as to be able in future
periods to satisfy the increased customer demand that can be seen in the significantly higher cloud backlog as well as the increased cloud bookings. Efficiency improvements in both our core and our cloud business drove absolute operating profit growth. Non-IFRS operating profit in 2015 was € 5.904 billion, an increase of 5% at constant currencies. The growth in our operating profit in 2015 reflects the continued success of our business transformation in combination with the strong top-line
growth. In 2015, we had a positive impact from our Company-wide transformation program in the triple-digit million euro range. On the other hand, we had a net increase of more than 2,500 employees in 2015 as we continued to invest in innovation and
growth markets. Thus, constant currency non-IFRS operating profit amounting to € 5.904 billion slightly exceeded the range ( € 5.6 billion to € 5.9 billion) we
had expected in our outlook. We achieved an effective tax rate (IFRS) of 23.4% and an effective tax rate (non-IFRS) of 26.1%, which is below the
outlook of 25.0% to 26.0% (IFRS) and 26.5% to 27.5% (non-IFRS). The reduction mainly results from taxes for prior years. OPERATING RESULTS
(IFRS) This section on operating results (IFRS) discusses results only in terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS numbers are not expressly identified
as such. Our 2015 Results Compared to Our 2014 Results (IFRS) Revenue € millions 2015 2014 Change in % 2015 vs 2014 Cloud subscriptions and support 2,286 1,087 110% Software licenses 4,835 4,399 10% Software support 10,093 8,829 14% Software licenses and support 14,928 13,228 13% Cloud and software 17,214 14,315 20% Services 3,579 3,245 10% Total revenue 20,793 17,560 18% Total Revenue Total revenue increased from € 17,560 million in
2014 to € 20,793 million in 2015, representing an increase of € 3,233 million, or 18%. This growth reflects a 10% increase from new business and a 9% increase from currency effects. The growth in revenue resulted primarily from a € 1,264 million rise in support revenue, a € 1,199 million increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue, software license revenue increased € 436 million and services
revenue grew by € 334 million. Cloud and software revenue climbed to € 17,214 million in 2015, an increase of 20%. Cloud and software revenue represented 83% of total revenue in 2015 (2014: 82%). Service revenue increased 10% from € 3,245 million in 2014 to € 3,579 million, which was 17% of total revenue, in 2015. 45 Table of Contents For more information about the breakdown of total revenue by region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and
Industry section below. Cloud and Software Revenue Software licenses revenue results from the fees earned from selling or licensing software to customers. Revenue from cloud subscriptions and support refers to the income earned from contracts that permit the
customer to access specific software solutions hosted by SAP during the term of its contract with SAP. Support revenue represents fees earned from providing technical support services and unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements to
customers. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from € 1,087 million in 2014 to € 2,286 million in 2015. Despite a combination of a challenging macroeconomic and political environment and the accelerating industry shift to the cloud, we achieved a € 436 million increase in software license revenue. This increase, from € 4,399 million in 2014 to € 4,835 million in 2015, reflects a 4% increase from new
license business and a 6% increase from currency effects. Our customer base continued to expand in 2015. Based on the number of contracts concluded,
13% of the orders we received for software in 2015 were from new customers (2014: 12%). The total value of software orders received increased 16% year-over-year. The total number of software license contracts increased 6% to 57,439 (2014: 54,120
contracts), while the average order value increased by 9%. Of all our software orders received in 2015, 27% were attributable to deals worth more than € 5 million (2014: 22%), while 40% were attributable to deals worth less than € 1 million
(2014: 44%). Our stable customer relations and continued investment in new software licenses by customers throughout 2015 and the previous year
resulted in an increase in software support revenue from € 8,829 million in 2014 to € 10,093 million in 2015. The SAP Enterprise Support offering was the largest contributor to our software support revenue. The € 1,264 million, or 14%, growth in software support revenue reflects a 7% increase from new support business and an 8% increase from
currency effects. This growth is primarily attributable to SAP Product Support for Large Enterprises and SAP Enterprise Support. The acceptance rate for SAP Enterprise Support among new customers slightly increased to 99% in 2015 (2014: 98%). Software licenses and software support revenue rose € 1,700 million, or 13%, from € 13,228 million in 2014 to € 14,928 million in 2015. This growth breaks down into a 6% increase from new software licenses and software support business and a 7%
increase from currency effects. Cloud and software revenue grew from € 14,315 million in 2014 to € 17,214 million in 2015, an increase of 20%. This reflects a
12% increase from new cloud and software business and a 9% increase from currency effects. Services Revenue Services Revenue combines revenue from professional services, premium support services, training services, messaging services and payment services. Professional
services primarily relate to the installation and configuration of our cloud subscriptions and on-premise software products. Our premium support offering consists of high-end support services tailored to customer requirements. Messaging services are
primarily transmission of electronic text messages from one mobile phone provider to another. Payment services are primarily delivered in connection with our travel and expense management offerings. Services revenue increased € 334 million, or
10%, from € 3,245 million in 2014 to € 3,579 million in 2015. This increase reflects a 2% increase from new services business and an 8% increase from currency effects. A solid market demand led to an 8% increase of € 222 million in consulting revenue and premium
support revenue from € 2,634 million in 2014 to € 2,856 million in 2015. This increase reflects a 0% increase from new business and an 8% increase from currency effects. Consulting and premium support revenue contributed 80% of the total service
revenue (2014: 81%). Consulting and premium support revenue contributed 14% of total revenue in 2015 (2014: 15%). Revenue from other services increased € 112 million, or 18%, to € 723 million in 2015 (2014: € 611 million). This reflects a 9% increase from new business and a 10% increase from currency changes. 46 Table of Contents Revenue by Region and Industry Revenue by Region € millions 2015 2014 Change in % 2015 vs 2014 Germany 2,771 2,570 8% Rest of EMEA 6,409 5,813 10% EMEA 9,181 8,383 10% United States 6,750 4,898 38% Rest of Americas 1,678 1,591 5% Americas 8,428 6,489 30% Japan 667 600 11% Rest of APJ 2,517 2,088 21% APJ 3,185 2,688 18% SAP Group 20,793 17,560 18% Revenue by Industry € millions 2015 2014 Change in % 2015 vs 2014 Energy & Natural Resources 4,834 4,158 16% Discrete Manufacturing 3,672 3,051 20% Consumer 4,934 4,045 22% Public Services 2,174 1,786 22% Financial Services 1,881 1,697 11% Services 3,298 2,824 17% Total revenue 20,793 17,560 18% Revenue by Region EMEA Region In 2015, the EMEA region generated € 9,181 million in revenue, which was 44% of total revenue (2014: € 8,383 million; 48%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 10%. Revenue in Germany increased 8% to € 2,771 million in 2015 (2014: € 2,570 million). Germany contributed 30% (2014: 31%) of all
EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA region was primarily generated in France, Italy, the Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Cloud and software revenue generated in the EMEA region in 2015 totaled € 7,622 million (2014: € 6,819 million). Cloud and software revenue represented 83% of all revenue in the region in 2015 (2014: 81%). Cloud subscriptions
revenue rose 83% to € 507 million in 2015 (2014: € 277 million). This growth reflects a 69% increase from new cloud business and a 14% increase from currency effects. Software licenses and software support revenue rose 9% to € 7,115 million in 2015 (2014: € 6,542 million). This growth reflects an 8% increase from new software license and software support business and a 1% increase from currency
effects. Americas Region In 2015, 41% of our total revenue was generated in the Americas region (2014: 37%). Total revenue in the Americas region increased 30% to € 8,428 million; revenue generated in the United States increased 38% to € 6,750 million. This
growth reflects a 16% increase from new business and a 22% increase from currency effects. The United States contributed 80% (2014: 75%) of all revenue generated in the Americas region. In the remaining countries of the Americas region, revenue
increased 5% to € 1,678 million. This reflects a 3% increase from new business and a 2% increase from currency effects. This revenue was
primarily generated in Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. Cloud and software 47 Table of Contents revenue generated in the Americas region in 2015 totaled € 6,929 million (2014: € 5,276 million). Cloud and software revenue represented 82% of all revenue in the Americas region in 2015 (2014: 81%). Cloud subscriptions
revenue rose by 123% to € 1,579 million in 2015 (2014: € 709 million); currency effects were 34%, growth in new cloud business was 89%. Software licenses and software support revenue rose 17% to € 5,350 million in 2015 (2014: € 4,566 million). This growth reflects a 2% increase from new
business; currency effects were 15%. APJ Region In 2015, 15% (2014: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in the APJ region, with the strongest revenue growth being achieved in India. Total revenue in the APJ
region increased 18% to € 3,185 million. In Japan, revenue increased 11% to € 667 million. Revenue from Japan was 21% (2014: 22%) of all revenue generated in the APJ region. The revenue growth in Japan was
attributable to a 6% increase from new business and a 5% increase from currency effects. In the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased 21%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was generated primarily in Australia,
China, and India. Cloud and software revenue in the APJ region totaled € 2,663 million in 2015 (2014: € 2,221 million). That was 84% of all revenue from the region (2014: 83%). Cloud subscriptions revenue grew 98% to € 200 million in 2015 (2014: € 101 million). This growth reflects an 82% increase from new cloud business and a 17% increase from currency effects. Software licenses
and software support revenue increased 16% to € 2,463 million in 2015 (2014: € 2,120 million). This increase reflects an 8% increase from new business and an 8% increase from currency effects. Revenue by Industry We allocate our customers to one of our
industries at the outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a particular customer is recorded under that industry sector. In 2015,
we achieved above-average growth in the following industry sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Public Services ( € 2,174 million,
at a growth rate of 22%); Consumer ( € 4,934 million, at a growth rate of 22%); and Discrete Manufacturing ( € 3,672 million, at a growth rate of 20%). Revenue from the other industry sectors was Services
( € 3,298 million, at a growth rate of 17%); Energy & Natural Resources
( € 4,834 million, at a growth rate of 16%); and Financial Services ( € 1,881 million, at a growth rate of 11%). Operating Profit and
Operating Margin Total Operating Expenses € millions 2015 %
of total revenue (1) 2014 %
of total revenue (2) Change in % 2015 vs 2014 Cost of cloud and software – 3,313 16% – 2,557 15% 30% Cost of services – 3,313 16% – 2,716 15% 22% Research and development – 2,845 14% – 2,331 13% 22% Sales and marketing – 5,401 26% – 4,304 25% 25% General and administration – 1,048 5% – 892 5% 17% Restructuring – 621 3% – 126 1% >100% TomorrowNow and Versata litigation 0 0% – 309 2% < – 100% Other operating income/expense, net 1 0% 4 0% – 86% Total operating expenses – 16,541 80% – 13,230 75% 25% (1) Total revenue for 2015: € 20,793 million. (2) Total revenue
for 2014: € 17,560 million. 48 Table of Contents Operating Profit and Operating Margin € millions, except
for operating margin 2015 2014 Change in % 2015 vs 2014 Operating profit 4,252 4,331 – 2% Operating margin (in %) 20.5% 24.7% – 4.2pp SAP continued to invest in innovation and its cloud business and generated record turnover in 2015. The strong growth
in revenue, however, also led to an increase in compensation payments to our employees, while the climbing stock price translated into higher share-based payment expenses. As a result, our operating profit declined slightly by 2% to € 4,252 million (2014: € 4,331
million). In 2015, our operating expenses increased € 3,311 million or 25% to € 16,541 million (2014: € 13,230 million). The main contributors to that increase were our acquisition of Concur in December 2014, our greater investment- and
revenue-related cloud subscriptions and support costs, our continued investment in sales activities, and higher restructuring expenses. The effect of
acquisition-related expenses, which were € 738 million (2014: € 562 million), of restructuring expenses, which were € 621 million (2014: € 126 million), and of a € 724 million expense for share-based payments (2014: € 290 million) weighed more heavily on operating profit than in the previous year. The record revenue generated increased the cost of bonus payments, and the improving performance of the share price in
2015 pushed share-based payment expenses higher. Continuing investment in the cloud infrastructure, in sales activities around the world, and in research and development also affected operating profit. Our employee headcount (measured in full-time
equivalents, or FTEs) increased by 2,579 year-over-year. These short-term, negative effects on operating profit largely represent investments in the
future and were in part offset by the increase in revenue. The overall result of these effects on operating profit was a 4.2 percentage point narrowing
of our operating margin in 2015 to 20.5% (2014: 24.7 %). Changes to the individual elements in our cost of revenue were as follows: Cost of Cloud and Software Cost of cloud and software
consists primarily of customer support costs, cost of developing custom solutions that address customers’ specific business requirements, costs for deploying and operating cloud solutions, amortization expenses relating to intangibles, and license fees and commissions paid to third parties for databases and the other complementary third-party products sublicensed by us to our customers. In 2015, the cost of cloud and software increased 30% to € 3,313 million (2014: € 2,557 million). Significant costs
included an additional € 539 million year-over-year to extend our cloud business in response to the sustained strength of customer
demand, with an associated increase in the expense of delivering and operating cloud applications, a € 164 million revenue-related
increase in the license fees we pay to third parties, and a € 74 million rise in the cost of providing custom development projects.
These investments contributed to revenue growth. Our margin on cloud subscriptions and support narrowed 0.4 percentage points to 55.3% (2014: 55.8%). This decrease was primarily due to increasing expenses related to the extension of our cloud
infrastructure. These expenses represent an investment in our fast-growing cloud business of the future, and were in part already offset by a significant increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue. The gross margin on cloud and software, defined as cloud and software profit as a percentage of cloud and software revenue, narrowed to 80.8% in 2015 (2014:
82.1%). This change is driven by the revenue mix effect with a rising cloud subscriptions and support revenue share while both cloud subscriptions and support margin as well as software license and support margin only changed marginally. Cost of Services Cost of services consists primarily of the
cost of consulting, premium services and training personnel and the cost of bought-in consulting and training resources. This item also includes sales and marketing expenses for our services resulting from sales and marketing efforts where those
efforts cannot be clearly distinguished from providing the services. Although we were able to increase our service revenue by 10% year-over-year to € 3,579 million in 2015 (2014: € 3,245 million), our service business continues to be greatly affected as we trend away from classic software licensing and consulting
revenue toward more subscription revenue from cloud solutions. We are also 49 Table of Contents investing in our SAP ONE Service organization. As a result, cost of service rose 22% to € 3,313 million (2014: € 2,716 million). Our gross margin on services, defined as services profit as a percentage of services revenue, narrowed to 7.4% (2014:
16.3%). Research and Development Expense Our
research and development (R&D) expense consists primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in our R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and
software we use for our R&D activities. Due to growing personnel costs because of the 11% increase in our headcount by the end of the year, and the
revenue-related year-over-year increase in compensation payments, our R&D expense increased by 22% to € 2,845 million in 2015 from € 2,331 million in 2014. R&D expense as a percentage of total revenue increased to 13.7% (2014: 13.3%). For more information, see
“Item 4. Information About SAP – Products, Research & Development, and Services.” Sales and Marketing Expense Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel costs, direct sales costs, and the cost of marketing our products and services. Our sales and marketing expense rose 25% from € 4,304 million in 2014 to € 5,401 million in 2015. The increase was mainly the result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global sales force, and of
increased expenditure for bonus payments prompted by the strong revenue growth. The ratio of sales and marketing expense to total revenue, expressed as a percentage, increased to 26.0% year-over-year (2014: 24.5%), an increase of 1.5 percentage
points. General and Administration Expense Our general and administration expense consists mainly of personnel costs to support our finance and administration functions. General and administration expense increased 17% from € 892 million in 2014 to € 1,048 million in 2015. That this expense grew less rapidly than revenue is primarily the result of careful cost management. Consequently,
the ratio of general and administration expense to total revenue dropped slightly in 2015 to 5.0% (2014: 5.1%). Segment Information
(Non-IFRS) In 2015, SAP had two reportable segments: the Applications, Technology, and Services segment; and the SAP Business Network segment. These
are the components of SAP that our Executive Board regularly reviews to assess the performance of our Company and to make resource allocation decisions. Revenue and profit figures for each of our operating segments are calculated in line with our internal management reporting and therefore differ from the
corresponding revenue and profit in our Consolidated Statements of Income prepared according to IFRS. For more information about our segment reporting, the activities that our two segments derive their revenues from, financial performance measures,
and reconciliation from our internal management reporting to our external IFRS reporting, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28), and the Performance Management System section. The financial data presented for 2015 contain all revenues and expenses from Concur and Fieldglass, whereas the prior year’s comparison figures only include
their financial data as of their respective acquisition dates. Fieldglass was acquired on May 2, 2014; Concur on December 4, 2014. Applications, Technology & Services
Segment € millions, unless otherwise
stated 2015 2014 Change in % Change in % (Constant Currency) (Non-IFRS) Segment revenue 19,126 16,871 13% 6% Gross margin (in %) 72% 73% – 1pp – 1pp Cloud subscription and support margin (in %) 53% 55% – 2pp – 5pp Segment profit 7,918 7,099 12% 4% Segment margin (in %) 41% 42% – 1pp – 1pp In 2015, the Applications, Technology & Services segment revenue increased 13% (6% at constant currencies)
to € 19,126 million (2014: € 16,871 million). This increase was driven mainly by strong growth in software support revenue, which increased 14% (7% at constant currencies) to € 10,061 million and a 10% 50 Table of Contents increase in software licenses (5% at constant currencies) to € 4,836 million. As a
consequence of continuous strong demand in the human capital management, customer engagement and commerce, and SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud business, cloud subscriptions and support revenue in the Applications, Technology & Services segment
grew 64% (45% at constant currencies) to € 961 million. The increase of cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software support revenue results in an increasing revenue share of more predictable revenue streams in this segment of 2 percentage points from 56% in
2014 to 58% in 2015. Software license revenue attributable to this segment increased 10% (5% at constant currencies) to € 4,835 million (2014: € 4,381 million). The segment’s cost
of revenue during the same time period increased 17% (9% at constant currencies) to € 5,343 million (2014: € 4,564 million). This increase in expenses was primarily the result of greater investment in expanding our cloud infrastructure and in
providing and operating our cloud applications, as well as additional personnel expenses to support the growth of the SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud service. The cloud subscriptions and support margin for the segment, therefore, decreased by 2.2
percentage points to 52.9% (50.4% at constant currencies). Segment gross profit increased 12% in 2015 (5% at constant currencies) to € 13,784 million (2014: € 12,307 million), which resulted in a decrease of the segment gross margin from 72.9% to 72.1% (72.1% at constant currencies). Segment
profit increased 12% (4% at constant currencies) to € 7,918 million (2014: € 7,099 million), while the segment margin decreased by 0.7 percentage points to 41.4% (41.3% at constant currencies). SAP Business Network Segment € millions, unless otherwise stated (Non-IFRS) 2015 2014 Change in % Change in % (Constant Currency) Segment revenue 1,614 644 150% 116% Gross margin (in %) 67% 66% 1pp 0pp Cloud subscription and support margin (in %) 75% 75% – 0pp – 1pp Segment profit 312 105 199% 139% Segment margin (in %) 19% 16% 3pp 2pp In 2015, revenue from the SAP Business Network segment, which combines all of our business network solutions,
increased 150% (116% at constant currencies) to € 1,614 million (2014: € 644 million). Concur and Fieldglass, which were acquired in 2014, together contributed € 909 million (2014: € 107 million) to the segment’s revenue. SAP internal analyses show that more than US$740 billion in commerce is conducted on the
network annually. The segment’s cost of revenue increased 144% in 2015 (114% at constant currencies) to € 530 million
(2014: € 217 million), of which € 299 million in expenses are attributable to Concur and SAP Fieldglass
(2014: € 28 million). The cloud subscriptions and support margin for the segment decreased by 0.4 percentage points to 74.9%
(74.5% at constant currencies). The SAP Business Network segment achieved a segment gross profit of € 1,084 million in 2015 (2014: € 427 million), an increase of 154% (117% at constant currencies). This resulted in an increase of the segment gross margin from 66.3% to 67.2%
(66.5% at constant currencies). Segment profit increased 199% year on year (139% at constant currencies) to € 312 million (2014: € 105 million), resulting in an increase in the segment margin of +3.1 percentage points to 19.4% (18.0% at constant currencies). Financial Income, Net Financial income,
net, changed to – € 5 million
(2014: – € 25 million). Our
finance income was € 241 million (2014: € 127 million) and our finance costs were € 246 million (2014: € 152 million). Finance income mainly consists
of gains from disposal of equity securities and interest income from loans and receivables, financial assets (cash, cash equivalents, and current investments), and income of derivatives. Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial liabilities ( € 135 million in 2015
compared to € 93 million in 2014) due to higher average indebtedness and negative effects from derivatives ( € 72 million in 2015 compared to € 28 million in 2014). For more information about financing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (17b). 51 Table of Contents Income Tax Our effective tax rate decreased to 23.4% in 2015 (2014: 24.7%). The year-over-year decrease in the effective tax rate mainly resulted from changes in taxes for prior years. For more information on income taxes, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (10). Our 2014 Results Compared to Our 2013
Results (IFRS) Revenue € millions 2014 2013 Change in % 2014 vs 2013 Cloud subscriptions and support 1,087 696 56% Software licenses 4,399 4,516 – 3% Software support 8,829 8,293 6% Software licenses and support 13,228 12,809 3% Cloud and software 14,315 13,505 6% Services 3,245 3,310 – 2% Total revenue 17,560 16,815 4% Total Revenue Total revenue increased from € 16,815 million in
2013 to € 17,560 million in 2014, representing an increase of € 746 million, or 4%. This growth reflects a 5% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. The growth in revenue resulted primarily from a € 391 million increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue and a € 536 million rise in software support revenue. Services revenue declined € 65 million
and software licenses revenue declined € 117 million. Cloud and software revenue climbed to € 14,315 million in 2014, an increase of 6%. Cloud and software revenue represented 82% of total revenue in 2014 (2013: 80%). Services
revenue declined 2% from € 3,310 million in 2013 to € 3,245 million, which was 18% of total revenue in 2014. For more information about the breakdown of total
revenue by region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and Industry section below. Cloud and Software Revenue Software licenses revenue results from the fees earned from selling or licensing software to customers. Revenue from cloud subscriptions and support refers to the
income earned from contracts that permit the customer to access specific software solutions hosted by SAP during the term of its contract with SAP. Software support revenue represents fees earned from providing technical support services and
unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements to customers. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from € 696 million in 2013 to € 1,087 million in 2014. A combination of a challenging macroeconomic and political environment in Russia, Ukraine, and some Latin American
markets and the accelerating industry shift to the cloud resulted in a € 117 million decline in software licenses revenue. That
decline, from € 4,516 million in 2013 to € 4,399 million in 2014, reflects a 3% decrease in new software business. Our customer base continued to
expand in 2014. Based on the number of contracts concluded, 12% of the orders we received for software in 2014 were from new customers (2013: 16%). The total value of software orders received declined 3% year-over-year. The total number of software
license contracts decreased 3% to 54,120 (2013: 55,909 contracts), while the average order value increased by 1%. Of all our software orders received in 2014, 22% were attributed to deals worth more than € 5 million (2013: 24%), while 44% were attributed to deals worth less than € 1 million (2013: 44%). Our stable customer base, continued investment in software by customers
throughout 2014 and the previous year, resulted in an increase in software support revenue from € 8,293 million in 2013 to € 8,829 million in 2014. The SAP Enterprise Support services offering was the largest contributor to our support revenue. The € 536 million, or 6%, growth in software support revenue reflects an 8% increase from new support business and a 1% decrease from currency
effects. This growth is primarily attributable to SAP Product Support for Large Enterprises and SAP Enterprise Support. The acceptance rate for SAP Enterprise Support among new customers remained high at 98% in 2014. 52 Table of Contents Software licenses and support revenue rose € 419 million, or 3%, from € 12,809 million in 2013 to € 13,228 million in 2014. This growth breaks down into a 4% increase from new business and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Cloud and software revenue grew from € 13,505 million in 2013 to € 14,315 million in 2014, an increase of 6%. This reflects a 7% increase from new cloud and software business and a 1% decrease from
currency effects. Services Revenue Services
Revenue combines revenue from professional services, premium support services, training services, messaging services and payment services. Professional services primarily relate to the installation and configuration of our cloud subscriptions and
on-premise software products. Our premium support offering consists of high-end support services tailored to customer requirements. Messaging services are primarily transmission of electronic text messages from one mobile phone provider to another.
Payment services are delivered in connection with our travel and expense management offerings. Services revenue decreased € 65 million, or 2%, from € 3,310 million in 2013 to € 3,245 million in 2014. This decline reflects a 1% decrease in new services business and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Revenue by Region and
Industry Revenue by Region € millions 2014 2013 Change in % 2014 vs 2013 Germany 2,570 2,513 2% Rest of EMEA 5,813 5,462 6% EMEA 8,383 7,975 5% United States 4,898 4,487 9% Rest of Americas 1,591 1,746 – 9% Americas 6,489 6,233 4% Japan 600 631 – 5% Rest of APJ 2,088 1,975 6% APJ 2,688 2,606 3% SAP Group 17,560 16,815 4% Revenue by Industry € millions 2014 2013 Change in % 2014 vs 2013 Energy & Natural Resources 4,158 4,077 2% Discrete Manufacturing 3,051 2,987 2% Consumer 4,045 3,778 7% Public Services 1,786 1,691 6% Financial Services 1,697 1,633 4% Services 2,824 2,649 7% Total revenue 17,560 16,815 4% Revenue by Region We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region, and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue amounts to each region based on where the customer is located. For more information about revenue by geographic region, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (28). 53 Table of Contents EMEA Region In 2014, the EMEA region generated € 8,383 million in revenue, which was 48% of total revenue (2013: € 7,975; 47%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 5%. Revenue in Germany increased 2% to € 2,570 million in 2014 (2013: € 2,513 million). Germany contributed 31% (2013: 32%) of all EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA region was primarily
generated in France, Italy, the Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Cloud and software revenue generated in the EMEA region in 2014 totaled € 6,819 million (2013: € 6,428 million). Cloud and software revenue represented 81% of all
revenue in the region in 2014 (2013: 81%). Cloud subscriptions and support revenue rose 58% to € 277 million in 2014 (2013: € 176 million). This growth reflects a 57% increase from new cloud business and a 1% increase from currency effects. Software licenses and
support revenue rose 5% to € 6,542 million in 2014 (2013: € 6,252 million). This growth reflects a 5% increase from new business and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Americas Region In 2014, 37% of our total revenue was generated in the Americas region (2013: 37%). Total revenue in the Americas region increased 4% to € 6,489 million; revenue generated in the United States increased 9% to € 4,898 million. This
growth reflects an 8% increase from new business and a 1% increase from currency effects. The United States contributed 75% (2013: 72%) of all revenue generated in the Americas region. In the remaining countries of the Americas region, revenue
declined 9% to € 1,591 million. This reflects a 5% decrease in new business and a 4% decrease from currency effects. This revenue was
principally generated in Brazil, Canada, and Mexico. Cloud and software revenue generated in the Americas region in 2014 totaled € 5,276 million (2013: € 4,922 million). Cloud and software revenue represented 81% of all revenue in the Americas region in 2014 (2013: 79%). Cloud subscriptions
and support revenue rose by 55% to € 709 million in 2014 (2013: € 457 million); currency effects were 0%. Software licenses and support revenue rose 2% to € 4,566 million in 2014 (2013: € 4,465 million). This growth reflects a 3% increase from new business; currency effects were almost 0%. APJ Region In 2014, 15% (2013: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in the APJ region, with the strongest revenue growth being achieved in Australia. Total revenue in the
APJ region increased 3% to € 2,688 million. In Japan, revenue decreased 5% to € 600 million. Revenue from Japan was 22% (2013: 24%) of all revenue generated in the APJ region. The decline in revenue from Japan was
attributable to a 2% increase from new business and a 7% decrease from currency effects. In the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased 6%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was generated primarily in Australia,
China, and India. Cloud and software revenue in the APJ region totaled € 2,221 million in 2014 (2013: € 2,155 million). That was 83% of all revenue from the region (2013: 83%). Cloud subscriptions and support revenue grew 59% to € 101 million in 2014 (2013: € 64 million). This growth reflects a 60% increase from new cloud business and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Software licenses and
support revenue increased 1% to € 2,120 million in 2014 (2013: € 2,092 million). This increase reflects a 4% increase from new business and a 2% decrease from currency effects. Revenue by Industry We allocate our customers to one of our
industries at the outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a particular customer is recorded under that industry sector. In 2014
we achieved above-average growth in the following industry sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Services ( € 2,824 million, at a
growth rate of 7%); Consumer ( € 4,045 million, at a growth rate of 7%); Public Services
( € 1,786 million, at a growth rate of 6%); and Financial Services ( € 1,697 million, at a growth rate of 4%). Revenue from the other industry sectors: Energy and Natural Resources ( € 4,158 million, at a growth rate of 2%); and Discrete Manufacturing ( € 3,051 million, at a growth
rate of 2%). 54 Table of Contents Operating Profit and Operating Margin Total Operating Expenses € millions 2014 %
of total revenue (1) 2013 %
of total revenue (2) Change in % 2014 vs 2013 Cost of cloud and software – 2,557 15% – 2,370 14% 8% Cost of services – 2,716 15% – 2,660 16% 2% Research and development – 2,331 13% – 2,282 14% 2% Sales and marketing – 4,304 25% – 4,131 25% 4% General and administration – 892 5% – 866 5% 3% Restructuring – 126 1% – 70 0% 80% TomorrowNow and Versata litigation – 309 2% 31 0% < – 100% Other operating income/expense, net 4 0% 12 0% – 65% Total operating expenses – 13,230 75% – 12,336 73% 7% (1) Total revenue for 2014: € 17,560 million. (2) Total revenue for 2013: € 16,815
million. Operating Profit and Operating Margin € millions, except
for operating margin 2014 2013 Change in % 2014 vs 2013 Operating profit 4,331 4,479 – 3% Operating margin (in %) 24.7% 26.6% – 2.0pp In 2014, SAP continued to invest in innovation and made substantial advances in the cloud business. In addition and
among other influences, negative currency effects and the difficult economic situation in Latin America and Russia affected our profitability. As a result, our operating profit in 2014 was € 4,331 million, a little less than in the previous year (2013: € 4,479 million). In 2014, our operating expenses increased € 894 million or 7% to € 13,230 million (2013: € 12,336 million). The increase relates primarily to an expense in connection with the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation, restructuring
costs, continuing investment in our sales organization, and a rise in personnel and infrastructure costs, especially for our cloud business. The effect
of acquisition-related expenses, which were € 562 million (2013: € 555 million), of restructuring expenses, which were € 126 million (2013: € 70 million), and of a € 309 million expense relating to the TomorrowNow and Versata litigation weighed more heavily on operating profit than in the previous
year. Continuing investment in sales activities around the world and in the cloud also affected operating profit. Our employee headcount (measured in full-time equivalents, or FTEs) increased 7,834 year-over-year. Acquisitions accounted for more than 5,500 of the added FTEs. Those negative effects on operating profit were in part offset by the reduced cost of share-based compensation programs totaling € 290 million (2013: € 327
million) resulting from the declining year-over-year performance of the stock and by savings in general administration costs. The overall result of
these effects on operating profit was a 2.0 percentage point narrowing of our operating margin in 2014 to 24.7% (2013: 26.6%). Changes to the
individual elements in our cost of revenue were as follows: Cost of Cloud and Software Cost of cloud and software consists primarily of customer support costs, cost of developing custom solutions that address customers’ specific business requirements, costs for deploying and operating cloud
solutions, amortization expenses relating to intangibles, 55 Table of Contents and license fees and commissions paid to third parties for databases and the other complementary third-party products sublicensed by us to our customers. In 2014, the cost of cloud and software increased 8% to € 2,557 million (2013: € 2,370 million). Significant costs
included an additional € 180 million to extend our cloud business, especially outside the United States, with an associated increase
in the expense of delivering and operating cloud applications, and a € 34 million rise in the cost of providing customer support. They
both represent investments that contributed to revenue growth. Our margin on cloud subscriptions and support widened 0.9 percentage points to 55.8% (2013: 54.8%). This improvement in margin was achieved primarily through strong growth in our cloud
subscriptions and support revenue despite the increased expense we incurred to extend our cloud infrastructure. At the same time, the license fees we pay to third parties decreased by € 49 million. The gross margin on our cloud and software, defined as cloud and software profit as a percentage
of cloud and software revenue, remained constant year-over-year at 82% in 2014 (2013: 82%). Cost of Services Cost of services consists primarily of the cost of consulting, premium services and training personnel and the cost of bought-in consulting and training resources.
This item also includes sales and marketing expenses for our services resulting from sales and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be clearly distinguished from providing the services. Our consulting business is being greatly affected as we trend away from classic software licensing and consulting revenue toward more subscription revenue from
cloud solutions. As a result, our services revenue decreased while our services expense increased by 2% from € 2,660 million in 2013
to € 2,716 million in 2014. Our gross margin on services, defined as services profit as a percentage of services revenue, narrowed to
16% (2013: 20%). Research and Development Expense Our research and development (R&D) expense consists primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs incurred for independent contractors we
retain to assist in our R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and software we use for our R&D activities. Although our
personnel costs grew because of the 6% increase in our headcount by the end of the year, our R&D expense increased only 2% to € 2,331 million in 2014 from € 2,282 million in 2013. R&D expense as a percentage of total
revenue was slightly less year-over-year at 13.3% (2013: 13.6%). For more information, see “Item 4. Information About SAP – Products, Research & Development, and Services.” Sales and Marketing Expense Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel costs, direct sales
costs, and the cost of marketing our products and services. Our sales and marketing expense rose 4% from € 4,131 million in 2013 to € 4,304 million in 2014. The increase was mainly the result of greater personnel costs as we expanded our global sales force and of
the reallocation and re-tasking of employees to sales-related work. By increasing our sales force we accelerated our revenue growth. The ratio of sales and marketing expense to total revenue, expressed as a percentage, decreased slightly to 24.5%
year-over-year (2013: 24.6%) because costs grew less rapidly than revenue. General and Administration Expense Our general and administration expense consists mainly of personnel costs to support our finance and administration functions. General and administration expense increased 3% from € 866 million in 2013 to € 892 million in 2014. That this increase was modest compared to the growth in our revenue is primarily the result of careful cost
management. The ratio of general and administration expense to total revenue was unchanged in 2014 at 5% (2013: 5%). Segment
Information (Non-IFRS) The segment information below for 2014 and 2013 is presented based on the reportable segments created in 2015 (Applications,
Technology & Services segment and the SAP Business Network Segment). These segments are the components of SAP that our Executive Board regularly reviews to assess the performance of our company and to make resource allocation decisions. Revenue and profit figures for each of our operating segments are calculated in line with our internal management reporting and therefore differ from
the corresponding revenue and profit in our Consolidated Statements of Income prepared according to IFRS. For more information about our segment reporting, the activities that our two segments derive their revenues from, the financial performance
measures, and a reconciliation from our internal management reporting to our external IFRS reporting, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28), and the Performance Management System section. 56 Table of Contents The financial data presented for 2014 contains the revenue and expenses from Concur and SAP Fieldglass as of their
respective acquisition dates. Their financial data is not included in the prior-year amounts, as Concur and SAP Fieldglass were acquired on December 4, 2014, and May 2, 2014, respectively. Applications, Technology & Services Segment € millions, unless otherwise stated (Non-IFRS) 2014 2013 Change in % Change in % (Constant Currency) Segment revenue 16,871 16,386 3% 4% Gross margin (in %) 73% 74% – 1pp – 1pp Cloud subscriptions and support margin (in %) 55% 70% – 15pp – 15pp Segment profit 7,099 7,056 1% 1% Segment margin (in %) 42% 43% – 1pp – 1pp In 2014, Applications, Technology & Services segment revenue increased 3% (4% at constant currencies) to € 16,871 million (2013: € 16,386 million). This increase was mainly driven by strong growth in software support revenue, which increased 6% (8% at constant
currencies) to € 8,806 million, offset by a decrease in software licenses of 3% (3% at constant currencies) to € 4,381 million. As a consequence of a continuous strong demand in the human capital management, Customer Engagement and Commerce, and SAP HANA
Enterprise Cloud lines of business, cloud subscriptions and support revenue in the Applications, Technology & Services segment grew 42% (42% at constant currencies) to € 585 million (2013: € 413 million). The increase of cloud and software revenue did mainly result from a strong increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software support revenue,
whereas software licenses revenue slightly decreased. This overall results in an increase in the revenue share of more predictable revenue streams in this segment of three percentage points from 53% in 2013 to 56% in 2014. Software licenses revenue
attributable to this segment decreased 3% (3% at constant currencies) to € 4,381 million (2013: € 4,519 million). This decline was due to a combination of challenging macroeconomic and political environments in Russia, Ukraine, and some Latin American markets and the accelerating industry shift to the cloud. The segment’s cost of revenue during the same time period increased 6% (7% at constant currencies) to € 4,564 million (2013: € 4,312 million). This increase in expenses was the result of greater investment in expanding our cloud infrastructure and in providing and
operating our cloud applications. The cloud subscriptions and support margin for the segment, therefore, decreased by 15 percentage points to 55.1% (55.1% at constant currencies). Segment gross profit increased 2% in 2014 (3% at constant currencies)
to € 12,307 million (2013: € 12,074 million) which resulted in a decrease of the segment gross margin of – 0.7 percentage points to 72.9%
( – 0.8 percentage points to 72.9% in constant currencies). Segment profit increased 1% year on year to € 7,099 million (2013: € 7,056
million) and was unchanged on a constant currency basis, resulting in a narrowing of the segment margin by one percentage point to 42.1% (41.9% at constant currencies). SAP Business Network Segment € millions, unless otherwise stated (Non-IFRS) 2014 2013 Change in % Change in % (Constant Currency) Segment revenue 644 460 40% 39% Gross margin (in %) 66% 65% 1pp 1pp Cloud subscriptions and support margin (in %) 75% 76% – 0pp – 0pp Segment profit 105 99 5% 2% Segment margin (in %) 16% 22% – 5pp – 6pp 57 Table of Contents In 2014, revenue from the SAP Business Network segment, which combines all of our business network solutions,
increased 40% (39% at constant currencies) to € 644 million (2013: € 460 million). This figure includes € 107 million in segment revenue attributable to SAP
Fieldglass and Concur, which were acquired in 2014 and are reflected in these results for the first time. The segment’s cost of revenue increased
36% in 2014 (37% at constant currencies) to € 217 million, of which € 28 million in expenses are attributable to Concur and SAP Fieldglass. The cloud subscriptions and support margin for the segment decreased by 0.5 percentage points to 75.2% ( – 0.4 percentage points to 75.3% in constant currencies). The SAP Business Network segment thus achieved a gross profit of € 427 million in 2014, an increase of 42% (41% at constant currencies) which resulted in an increase of the segment gross margin of 1.0
percentage points to 66.3% (0.7 percentage points to 66.0% in constant currencies). Segment profit increased year-over-year by 5% (2% at constant currencies) to € 105 million (2013: € 99 million), resulting in a narrowing of the segment margin by
5 percentage points to 16.2% (15.8% at constant currencies). Financial Income, Net Financial income, net, changed to – € 25 million (2013: – € 66 million). Our finance income was € 127 million (2013: € 115 million) and our finance costs were € 152 million (2013: € 181 million). Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans, financial assets (cash, cash equivalents, and current investments) and income of derivatives. This increase is attributable to a higher average
liquidity and slightly higher interest rates than in 2013. Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial liabilities ( € 93 million in 2014 compared to € 131 million in 2013). The decrease year-over-year is mainly due to positive effects from interest rate derivatives and due to lower
average indebtedness. For more information about financing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17b). Income Tax Our effective tax rate increased slightly to 24.7% in 2014 (2013: 24.4%). For more
information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (10). FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE
EXPOSURE Although our reporting currency is the euro, a significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro. Since
the Group’s entities usually conduct their business in their respective functional currencies, our risk of exchange rate fluctuations from ongoing ordinary operations is not considered significant. However, occasionally we generate
foreign-currency-denominated receivables, payables, and other monetary items by transacting in a currency other than the functional currency; to mitigate the extent of the associated foreign currency exchange rate risk, the majority of these
transactions are hedged as described in Note (25) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Also see Notes (3) and (24) for additional information on foreign currencies. Approximately 74% of our total revenue in 2015 (2014: 71%) was attributable to operations in non-euro participating countries. That revenue had to be translated into euros for financial reporting purposes.
Fluctuations in the exchange value of the euro had a favorable impact of € 1,504 million on our total revenue for 2015, an unfavorable
impact of € 143 million on our total revenue for 2014 and an unfavorable impact of € 734 million on our total revenue for 2013. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations discussed in the preceding paragraph is calculated by translating current period figures in local currency to euros at the monthly average exchange rate for
the corresponding month in the prior year. Our revenue analysis, included within the “Operating Results” section of Item 5, discusses at times the effect of currency movements which are calculated in the same manner. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview Global Financial Management We use global centralized financial management to control liquid assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and currencies. The primary aim of
our financial management is to maintain liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity managed centrally by the Group, so that liquid assets across the Group can be consolidated,
monitored, and invested in accordance with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various credit facilities are currently available for additional liquidity, if required. For more
information about these facilities, see the Credit Facilities section. We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and foreign exchange
rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative instrument for which we do not have a corresponding underlying transaction. The rules
for the use of derivatives and other rules and processes 58 Table of Contents concerning the management of financial risks are collected in our treasury guideline document, which applies globally to all companies in the Group. For more information about the management of
each financial risk and about our risk exposure, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Notes (24) to (26). Liquidity Management Our primary source of
cash, cash equivalents, and current investments is funds generated from our business operations. Over the past several years, our principal use of cash has been to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements resulting from our
growth, to quickly repay financial debt, to acquire businesses, to pay dividends on our shares, and to buy back SAP shares on the open market. On December 31, 2015, our cash, cash equivalents, and current investments were primarily held in
euros and U.S. dollars. We generally invest only in the financial assets of issuers or funds with a minimum credit rating of BBB, and pursue a policy of cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of
counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and standard investment instruments. We rarely invest in the financial assets of issuers with a credit rating lower than BBB, and such investments were not material in 2015. We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating needs and, together with expected cash
flows from operations, will support debt repayments and our currently planned capital expenditure requirements over the near term and medium term. It may also be necessary to enter into financing transactions when additional funds are required that cannot be wholly sourced from free cash flow (for example, to finance large acquisitions). To expand our business, we have made acquisitions of businesses, products, and technologies. Depending on our future cash position and future market conditions, we
might issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we continuously monitor funding options available in the capital markets and trends in the availability of funds, as
well as the cost of such funding. In recent years, we were able to repay additional debt within a short period of time due to our persistently strong free cash flow. For more information about the financial debt, see the Cash Flows and Liquidity
section. Capital Structure Management The primary objective of our capital structure management is to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and customer confidence, and to support the growth of our business. We seek to maintain a
capital structure that will allow us to cover our funding requirements through the capital markets at reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility. The long-term credit rating for SAP SE is “A” by Standard and Poor’s and “A2” by Moody’s, both with stable outlook. Since their
initial assignment in September 2014, the ratings and outlooks have not changed. Our general intention is to remain in a position to return liquidity
to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends totaling more than 35% of our profit after tax. There are currently no plans for future share buybacks. Capital Structure 2015 2014 € millions % of Total equity and liabilities € millions % of Total equity and liabilities D in % Equity 23,295 56 19,534 51 19 Current liabilities 7,867 19 8,574 22 – 8 Non-current liabilities 10,228 25 10,457 27 – 2 Liabilities 18,095 44 19,031 49 – 5 Total equity and liabilities 41,390 100 38,565 100 7 In 2015, we repaid € 1,270 million in bank loans that we had taken to finance the Concur acquisition and refinanced another part of this loan through the issuance of a three-tranche Eurobond of € 1.75 billion in total with maturities of two to ten years. We also repaid a € 550 million Eurobond and a US$300 million U.S. private placement tranche
at their maturity. Thus, the ratio of total financial debt to total equity and liabilities decreased by 7 percentage points to 22% at the end of 2015 (29% as at December 31, 2014). 59 Table of Contents Total financial debt consists of current and non-current bank loans, bonds, and private placements. For more
information about our financial debt, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17). As part of our financing
activities in 2016, the Company intends to repay a US$600 million U.S. private placement tranche when it matures and a further substantial portion of our outstanding bank loan. Total liabilities on December 31, 2015, mainly comprised financial liabilities of € 9,522 million (of which € 8,681 million are non-current). Financial liabilities on December 31, 2015, consisted largely of financial debt, which included amounts in euros ( € 6,994 million) and U.S. dollars ( € 2,202 million). On December 31, 2015, approximately 64%
of financial debt was held at variable interest rates, partially swapped from fixed into variable using interest rate swaps. Total liabilities on December 31, 2015, also comprised non-financial liabilities. Most of these non-financial
liabilities result from employee-related obligations. For more information about financial and non-financial liabilities, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (18). Cash Flows and Liquidity Group liquidity on December 31, 2015, primarily comprised amounts in euros and U.S. dollars. Current investments are included in other financial assets in the
statement of financial position. Financial debts are included within financial liabilities in the statement of financial position. Group Liquidity
of SAP Group € millions 2015 2014 D Cash and cash equivalents 3,411 3,328 83 Current investments 148 95 53 Group liquidity 3,559 3,423 136 Current financial debt – 567 – 2,157 1,590 Net liquidity 1 2,992 1,266 1,726 Non-current financial debt – 8,607 – 8,936 329 Net liquidity 2 – 5,615 – 7,670 2,055 Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for example, cash at banks, money market funds, and time
deposits with original maturity of three months or less) and current investments (for example, investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year) as reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Group Liquidity Development 60 Table of Contents Net liquidity is Group liquidity less total financial debt as defined above. The increase in Group liquidity compared to 2014 was mainly due to cash inflows from our operations and financing activities in issuing bonds. They were offset by
cash outflows for dividend payments and repayments of borrowings. For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents, current investments, and our financial liabilities on our
income statements, see the analysis of our financial income, net, in the Operating Results (IFRS) section. Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows € millions Years ended December 31, 2015 2014 2013 Change in % 2015 vs. 2014 Change in % 2014 vs. 2013 Net cash flows from operating activities 3,638 3,499 3,832 4% – 9% Net cash flows from investing activities – 334 – 7,240 – 1,781 – 95% >100% Net cash flows from financing activities – 3,356 4,298 – 1,589 < – 100% < – 100% Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 2015 compared to 2014 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 4% year-over-year to € 3,638 million in 2015 (2014: € 3,499 million). Payments in connection with the
restructuring of € 204 million to employees and € 272 million to insurance policies have offset partly the non-recurring effect from litigations in 2014. In 2015, days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as the average number of days
from the raised invoice to cash receipt from the customer, increased six days to 71 days (2014: 65 days). Cash outflows from investment
activities decreased significantly to € 334 million in 2015 (2014: € 7,240 million). Cash outflows from purchase of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment remained stable. Cash outflows in 2014 had resulted mainly from business combinations of Concur and
Fieldglass. For more information about current and planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. Net cash outflows from financing
activities were € 3,356 million in 2015, compared to net cash inflows of € 4,298 million in 2014. The 2015 cash outflows had resulted from repayments of € 1,270 million bank loans, € 550 million Eurobonds and US$300 million private placements. We refinanced another part of the bank loan through the issuance
of a three-tranche Eurobond of € 1,750 million in total. Cash inflows in 2014 were the result of issuing a € 2,750 million Eurobond and drawing two tranches (of € 1,270 million and € 3,000 million) of a bank loan. Cash outflows in 2014 arose chiefly
from repayments of € 1,086 million borrowings and US$1,160 million convertible bonds that we assumed in connection with our
acquisition of Concur. The dividend payment of € 1,316 million made in 2015 exceeded the amount of € 1,194 million in the prior year
resulting from the increased dividend paid per share from € 1.00 to € 1.10. Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 2014 Compared to 2013 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 9% year-over-year to € 3,499 million in 2014 (2013: € 3,832 million). Payments in connection with the
TomorrowNow and Versata litigation had a € 555 million negative effect on net cash provided by operating activities. A € 61 million increase to € 1,356 million in our income tax payments also negatively affected net cash provided by operating activities. In 2014, days’
sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as the average number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt from the customer, increased three days to 65 days (2013: 62 days). Cash outflows from investment activities increased significantly to € 7,240 million in 2014 (2013: € 1,781 million). The increase resulted principally from the Concur, Fieldglass, and SeeWhy acquisitions. For more information about current
and planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. Net cash inflows from financing activities were € 4,298 million in 2014, compared to net cash outflows of € 1,589 million in 2013. Cash inflows in 2014 were the result of issuing a € 2,750 bond and
drawing two tranches (of € 1,270 million and € 3,000 million) of a loan. Cash outflows arose chiefly from repayments of borrowings ( € 1,086
million) and the repayment of convertible bonds that we assumed in connection with our acquisition of Concur (US$1,160 million). The 2013 cash outflows had resulted chiefly from dividends paid and the repayment of a € 600 million bond. 61 Table of Contents The dividend payment of € 1,194 million made in 2014 was greater than that of € 1,013 million in the prior year
because the dividend paid per share increased from € 0.85 to € 1.00. Credit Facilities Other sources of capital are available to us through various credit facilities, if required. We are party to a
revolving € 2.0 billion credit facility contract with maturity in November 2020. The credit line may be used for general corporate
purposes. A possible future withdrawal is not subject to any financial covenants. Borrowings under the facility bear interest at the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) or London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) for the respective optional currency
plus a margin ranging from 0.3% to 0.525%. We pay a commitment fee of 0.079% per annum on unused amounts of the available credit facility. So far, we have not used and do not currently foresee any need to use, this credit facility. As at December 31, 2015, SAP SE had additional available credit facilities totaling € 471 million. Several of our foreign subsidiaries have credit facilities available that allow them to borrow funds at prevailing interest rates.
As at December 31, 2015, approximately € 49 million was available through such arrangements. There were immaterial borrowings
outstanding under these credit facilities from our foreign subsidiaries as at December 31, 2015. OFF-BALANCE SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS Several SAP entities have entered into operating leases for office space, hardware, cars and certain other equipment. These
arrangements are sometimes referred to as a form of off-balance sheet financing. Rental expenses under these operating leases are set forth below under “Contractual Obligations.” We do not believe we have forms of material off-balance
sheet arrangements that would require disclosure other than those already disclosed. CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS The table below presents our on- and off-balance sheet contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015: Contractual obligations Payments due by period € millions Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Financial
liabilities (1) 10,127 863 3,759 1,822 3,683 Derivative financial
liabilities (1) 132 74 29 29 0 Operating lease
obligations (3) 1,347 294 410 246 396 Purchase
obligations (3) 872 428 260 118 66 Capital contribution
commitments (3) 111 111 0 0 0 Other non-current non-financial liabilities (2) 331 0 201 36 94 Total 12,920 1,770 4,660 2,251 4,239 (1) For more information on financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities see Note (24) to our Consolidated
Financial Statements. (2) For more information on other non-current non-financial liabilities see Note (17c) to our Consolidated Financial
Statements. (3) See Note (22) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about operating lease obligations, purchase
obligations, and capital contribution commitments. Our expected contributions to our pension and other post-employment benefit plans are not included in the table above. For more information on these contributions see Note (18a) to our
Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect to meet these contractual obligations with our existing cash, our cash flows from operations and our
financing activities. The timing of payments for the above contractual obligations is based on payment schedules for those obligations where set payments exist. For other obligations with no set payment schedules, estimates as to the most likely
timing of cash payments have been made. The ultimate timing of these future cash flows may differ from these estimates. Obligations under Indemnifications and Guarantees Our software license agreements and our cloud subscription agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if our software products infringe a third party’s
intellectual property rights. In addition, we occasionally provide function or performance guarantees in routine consulting contracts and development arrangements. We also generally provide a six to twelve month warranty 62 Table of Contents on our software. Our warranty liability is included in other provisions. For more information on other provisions see Note (18b) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For more
information on obligations and contingent liabilities refer to Note (3) and Note (22) 
in our Consolidated Financial Statements. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For information on our R&D activities see “Item 4. Information about SAP – Products, Research & Development, and Services.” For
information on our R&D costs see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Operating Results (IFRS)” and for information related to our R&D employees see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees
– Employees.” CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared based on the accounting policies described in Note (3) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. The application of such policies requires
management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We base our judgments, estimates and
assumptions on historical and forecast information, as well as regional and industry economic conditions in which we or our customers operate, changes to which could adversely affect our estimates. Although we believe we have made reasonable
estimates about the ultimate resolution of the underlying uncertainties, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results
could differ from original estimates. The accounting policies that most frequently require us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and
therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, include the following: – revenue recognition; – valuation of trade receivables; – accounting for share-based payments; – accounting for income tax; – accounting for business combinations; – subsequent accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets; – accounting for legal contingencies; and – recognition of internally generated intangible assets from development. Our management periodically discusses these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Supervisory
Board. See Note (3c) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our critical accounting estimates and critical accounting policies. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED See Note (3e) to our Consolidated
Financial Statements for our discussion on new accounting standards not yet adopted. EXPECTED DEVELOPMENTS Future Trends in the Global Economy In its
most recent report, the European Central Bank (ECB) forecasts moderate growth in the world economy and it expects that this growth will vary across regions and countries in 2016. It foresees more favorable prospects for advanced economies than for
emerging markets and developing economies. Geopolitical risks, especially of heightened tensions in the Middle East, could undermine global economic performance, the ECB warns. In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the ECB expects the euro-area economy to recover slightly more rapidly in 2016 than in the previous year. It suggests that low oil prices, increased
publicsector spending on assistance for refugees, and its own monetary measures may encourage that acceleration. In Central and Eastern Europe, the ECB expects economic activity to remain stable but for performance to vary from country to country.
The European Union’s structural funds and strong consumer spending may be principal factors behind such growth. In Russia, on the other hand, the economic situation is expected to remain difficult. The ECB expects further cuts in public
spending as a consequence of declining oil revenue. The ECB’s forecasts for 2016 for a number of major countries in the Americas region are
cautious. For the United States, the ECB expects that economic growth may slow following the Federal Reserve’s move on interest rates in December 2015. The ECB expects political uncertainty, a tightening of monetary policy, and more restrictive
financing conditions to continue to weigh on Brazil’s economy. For the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, the ECB expects that wage increases and
low oil prices will improve consumer spending in Japan. Japan’s exports should also pick up. For China, though, the ECB expects that economic growth will continue to slow following the refocusing of its economy. It believes that the prospects
for India’s economy are positive in 2016. 63 Table of Contents Economic Trends – Year-Over-Year GDP Growth In % 2014e 2015p 2016p World 3.4 3.1 3.4 Advanced economies 1.8 1.9 2.1 Developing and emerging economies 4.6 4.0 4.3 Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) Euro area 0.9 1.5 1.7 Germany 1.6 1.5 1.7 Central and Eastern Europe 2.8 3.4 3.1 Middle East and North Africa 2.8 2.5 3.6 Sub- Saharan Africa 5.0 3.5 4.0 Americas United States 2.4 2.5 2.6 Canada 2.5 1.2 1.7 Central and South America, Caribbean 1.3 – 0.3 – 0.3 Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Japan 0.0 0.6 1.0 Asian developing economies 6.8 6.6 6.3 China 7.3 6.9 6.3 e = estimate; p = projection Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update January 2016, Subdued Demand, Diminished Prospects, as of January 19, 2016, p. 6. IT Market: The Outlook for 2016 The worldwide IT market is at the dawn of a new era, according to U.S. market research firm IDC. It expects IT market growth to decline in a number of emerging economies, notably Brazil, China, and Russia. For a
decade, these countries were the driving force in all segments of the global IT market while the advanced economies were already focusing on the transition from traditional technologies to innovations such as cloud and mobile computing. IDC expects
that the growth in traditional IT will also slow in the emerging markets and developing economies in the years ahead. It believes that cloud, mobile, and Big Data will offer the main opportunities for growth. In view of that prediction, IDC expects
the worldwide IT market to grow just 2.8% in 2016. Hardware spending is expected to increase by about 1%, and software spending by almost 7% (mainly due to software-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service solutions). In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, IDC expects overall IT market growth to decelerate to 2% in 2016. Notably, the IT market in Western Europe is expected to grow just 1% to 2% in the coming years. The IT market in Germany is not expected to grow much above these rates either, according to IDC. The institute believes that IT spending in
Russia might recover as early as 2016 and grow 6% as a result of short-term government stimulus measures. IDC expects the Americas region IT spending
to increase 3.7% in 2016. It believes the IT market in the United States will grow at a similar rate and that, with 7% growth, the software segment will again be the fastest to expand there. For Brazil, IDC expects that the government will pursue a
strict program of economic reform in the next few years, which could slow growth in the IT market to a rate of 3% or 4%. IDC forecasts that the IT market in Mexico will also grow by about 3% annually in the next few years. In the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region, IDC believes growth in the IT market might reach 2.5%. However, growth rates again are expected to vary from country to
country. IDC expects the IT market in Japan will grow by about 3% in 2016. It anticipates that China’s IT market 64 Table of Contents will expand only in the low to middle single-digit percentage range in the years ahead. The IT market in India, on the other hand, might continue to grow by rates at or above 10% a year, according to IDC. Trends in the IT Market – Increased IT Spending Year-Over-Year In % 2014e 2015p 2016p World Total IT 4.5 4.9 2.8 Hardware 5.2 5.5 1.1 Packaged software 5.6 6.8 6.8 Applications 6.9 7.3 7.1 IT services 3.0 2.8 3.0 Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) Total IT 3.9 4.6 2.0 Packaged software 4.0 4.8 5.2 Applications 4.5 5.4 5.6 IT services 2.2 1.9 2.6 Americas Total IT 4.2 4.6 3.7 Packaged software 6.8 8.4 7.3 Applications 8.5 8.9 7.8 IT services 2.8 2.8 2.6 Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Total IT 5.9 5.9 2.5 Packaged software 4.5 4.9 8.0 Applications 5.6 5.1 7.7 IT services 5.3 4.6 4.6 e = estimate, p = projection Source: IDC Worldwide Black Book Pivot V3.1, 2015 Impact on SAP SAP expects to outperform the global economy and the IT industry again in 2016 in terms of revenue growth. Our 2015 results validate our strategy of innovating across the core, the cloud, and business networks to help our customers become true digital enterprises. Our innovation cycle for SAP S/4HANA is well underway and the completeness of our vision in the cloud has distinguished SAP from both legacy players and point
solution providers. We have beaten our guidance for 2015 on cloud and software as well as on operating income. In 2015, we have transformed our Company and made it leaner by shifting investments from non-core activities to
strategic growth areas enabling us to capture the growth opportunities in the market. We are well-positioned for the future as reflected in the
increase of our ambition for 2017. We plan to continue to invest in countries in which we expect significant growth, helping us reach our ambitious
2016 outlook targets and medium-term aspirations for 2017 and 2020. We are confident we can achieve our medium-term targets for 2017 and 2020, assuming
that the economic 65 Table of Contents environment and IT industry develop as currently forecasted. Balanced in terms of regions as well as industries, we are well-positioned with our product offering to offset smaller individual
fluctuations in the global economy and IT market. A comparison of our business outlook with forecasts for the global economy and IT industry shows that
we can be successful even in a tough economic environment and will further strengthen our position as the market leader of enterprise application software. Operational Targets for 2016 (Non-IFRS) Revenue and Operating Profit Outlook We are providing the following outlook for the full-year 2016: – Based on the continued strong momentum in SAP’s cloud business the Company expects full year 2016 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue to be in
a range of € 2.95 billion to € 3.05 billion at constant currencies (2015: € 2.30 billion). The upper end of this range represents a growth rate of 33% at constant currencies. – SAP expects full year 2016 non-IFRS cloud and software revenue to increase by 6% to 8% at constant currencies (2015: € 17.23 billion). – SAP expects full-year 2016 non-IFRS operating profit to be in a range of € 6.4 billion to € 6.7 billion at constant currencies (2015: € 6.35 billion). We expect
our headcount to experience an increase similar to the increase in 2015. While our full-year 2016 business outlook is at constant currencies, actual
currency reported figures are expected to continue to be impacted by currency exchange rate fluctuations. We expect that non-IFRS total revenue will
continue to depend largely on the revenue from cloud and software. However, the revenue growth we expect from this is below the outlook provided for non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue. We expect the software license revenue in 2016 to be at the
same level as in 2015 with SAP gaining market share against our main on-premise license competitors. We expect that most of the total revenue growth
(non-IFRS) will come from the Applications, Technology, and Services segment, equally distributed into software licenses and support revenue growth and cloud subscriptions and support revenue growth. Nevertheless, we anticipate our SAP Business
Network segment will outpace the Applications, Technology, and Services segment with a significantly higher total revenue growth rate at lower absolute levels. As such, we expect we will seize a huge market opportunity with continued strong mid- and
long-term growth potential. We continuously strive for profit expansion in all our segments, therefore, we expect an increase in both segments’
profits. The vast majority of the profit expansion comes from our Applications, Technology, and Services segment. Overall, in the SAP Business Network segment, operating profit growth is higher than in the Applications, Technology, and Services
segment, but at significantly lower volume. Across all segments we expect our 2016 non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support gross margin to be at least
stable or to slightly increase compared to 2015. For SAP’s managed-cloud offerings, we still expect negative margins in 2016 which by 2017 are expected to break even. The following table shows the estimates of the items that represent the differences between our non-IFRS financial measures and our IFRS financial measures. Non-IFRS Measures € millions Estimated Amounts for 2016 Actual Amounts for 2015 Revenue adjustments < 20 11 Share-based payment expenses 590 to 630 724 Acquisition-related charges 690 to 740 738 Restructuring 40 to 60 621 We do not expect any Company-wide restructuring programs in 2016. The Company expects a full-year 2016 effective tax rate (IFRS) of 22.5% to 23.5% (2015: 23.4%) and an effective tax
rate (non-IFRS) of 24.5% to 25.5% (2015: 26.1%). 66 Table of Contents Goals for Liquidity and Finance On December 31, 2015, we had a negative net liquidity. We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating financing needs also in 2016
and, together with expected cash flows from operations, will support debt repayments and our currently planned capital expenditure requirements over the near term and medium term. In 2016, we expect a positive development of our operating cash flow mainly due to lower restructuring related payments. We intend to repay a US$600 million U.S. private placement when it matures in June. Additionally, we are planning to further repay our outstanding € 1.25 billion bank loan. By the time of this report, we have no concrete plans for future share buybacks. Based on this planning, at this point in time we expect we will noticeably reduce our net debt in 2016 and gradually return to a positive net liquidity
in subsequent years. Investment Goals Our planned capital expenditures for 2016 and 2017, other than from business combinations, mainly comprise the construction activities described in “Item 4. Information About SAP – Description of Property
– Capital Expenditures”. We expect investments from these activities of approximately € 450 million during the next two
years. These investments can be covered in full by operating cash flow. SAP does not plan any significant acquisitions in 2016 and 2017 but will rather
focus on organic growth. Proposed Dividend We intend to continue our dividend policy in 2017 as well, which is to pay a dividend totaling more than 35% of the prior year’s profit after tax. Premises on Which Our Outlook Is Based In preparing our outlook guidance, we have taken into
account all events known to us at the time we prepared this report that could influence SAP’s business going forward. Among the premises on which
this outlook is based are those presented concerning economic development and the assumption that there will be no effects from major acquisitions in 2016 and 2017. Medium-Term Prospects In this section, all discussion of the medium-term prospects is based exclusively on
non-IFRS measures. We expect to grow our more predictable revenue business while steadily increasing operating profit. Our strategic
objectives are focused primarily on the following financial and non-financial objectives: growth, profitability, customer loyalty, and employee engagement. We are raising our 2017 ambition compared to our outlook previously communicated in 2015 to reflect both the current exchange rate environment and our excellent business momentum. Assuming a stable exchange rate environment going forward, SAP now expects non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue in a range of € 3.8 billion to € 4.0 billion
in 2017. The upper end of this range represents a 2015 to 2017 compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 32%. Non-IFRS total revenue is expected to be in a range of € 23.0 billion to € 23.5 billion in 2017. We now expect our 2017 non-IFRS operating profit to be in
a range of € 6.7 billion to € 7.0 billion. We continue to anticipate
that the fast-growing cloud business along with growth in support revenue will drive a higher share of more predictable revenue. Given the current software license revenue momentum, we now expect the total of cloud subscriptions and support revenue
and software support revenue to be in a range of 63% to 65% of total revenue in 2017. By 2017, we continue to expect the rapidly growing cloud
subscriptions and support revenue to be close to software license revenue and they are expected to exceed software license revenue in 2018. At that time, SAP expects to reach a scale in its cloud business that will clear the way for accelerated
operating profit expansion. In 2015, we communicated our long term, high-level ambitions for the year 2020. We are not adjusting this long-term
ambition at this time. Thus, we continue to strive for reaching the following by 2020: – € 7.5 billion to € 8.0 billion non-IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue – € 26 billion to € 28 billion non-IFRS total revenue – € 8.0 billion to € 9.0 billion non-IFRS operating profit – 70% to 75% share of more predictable revenue (defined as the total of cloud subscriptions and support revenue and software support revenue) By 2020, we expect our business network offering to generate the largest portion of the cloud subscriptions and support revenue. The
share of this portion of revenue is expected to be followed by our public cloud offerings. Both of these offerings are expected to each generate, in 2020, cloud subscriptions and support revenues that are significantly higher than the cloud
subscriptions and support revenue generated from our private cloud offerings. 67 Table of Contents We also strive for significantly improving, over the next few years, the profitability of our cloud business. We
expect that the flat or slightly increasing cloud subscriptions and support margin development in 2016 will be followed by further margin increases in the following years until we reach our envisioned long-term cloud subscriptions and support margin
targets in 2020. These will continue to increase at different rates: We expect the gross margin from our public cloud to reach approximately 80% (2015: approximately 70%) in 2020. Likewise, we expect our business network gross margin to reach
approximately 80% (2015: approximately 75%) in 2020. The gross margin for our private cloud is expected to break even in 2016 and reach about 40% in 2020. In a mature state of our cloud business, we expect that approximately 80% of the cloud subscription business will be generated from existing contracts and their renewals and approximately 20% from new business.
This is compared to approximately 60% from existing contracts and renewals and 40% from new business in the fast-growth phase of our cloud business. We
also communicated in 2015 that we aim at further improving the profitability of our on-premise software business. It is our target, from that point in time, to grow, until 2020, our gross profit from software licenses and support by a compound annual growth rate of approximately 3%, leading to an
improvement in the software licenses and support gross margin of approximately 2 percentage points. Non-Financial Goals 2016 In addition to our financial goals, we also focus on two non-financial targets: customer loyalty and employee engagement. We believe it is essential that our employees are engaged, drive our success, and support our strategy. We remain committed to achieving an 82% employee engagement
score in 2016 (2015: 81%). Further, our customers’ satisfaction with the solutions we offer is very important to us. We want our customers not
only to be satisfied, but also to see us as a trusted partner for innovation. We measure this customer loyalty metric using the Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS). For 2016, we aim to achieve a Customer NPS of 25% (2015: 22.4%). 68 Table of Contents ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES SUPERVISORY BOARD The current
members of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE, each member’s principal occupation, the year in which each was first elected and the year in which the term of each expires, respectively, are as follows: Name Age Principal Occupation Year First Elected Year Term Expires Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner,
Chairman (1)(2)(5)(6)(9)(10) 72 Chairman of the Supervisory Board 2003 2019 Pekka
Ala-Pietilä (1)(4)(5)(6)(9) 59 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Solidium Oy 2002 2019 Prof. Anja
Feldmann (1)(5)(10) 50 Professor at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Faculty at the Technische Universität Berlin 2012 2019 Prof. Dr. Wilhelm
Haarmann (1)(2)(4)(9)(10) 65 Attorney at Law, Certified Public Auditor and Certified Tax Advisor; Linklaters LLP, Rechtsanwälte, Notare, Steuerberater 1988 2019 Prof. Dr. Gesche
Joost (1)(5)(10) 41 Professor for Design Research and Head of the Design Research Lab, University of Arts Berlin 2015 2016 Bernard
Liautaud (1)(2)(5)(6) 53 General Partner, Balderton Capital 2008 2019 Dr. Erhard
Schipporeit (1)(3)(8)(9) 67 Independent Management Consultant 2005 2019 Jim Hagemann
Snabe (1)(2)(4) 49 Supervisory Board Member 2014 2019 Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Klaus Wucherer (1)(3) 71 Managing Director of Dr. Klaus Wucherer Innovations- und Technologieberatung GmbH 2007 2019 Margret Klein-Magar, Vice Chairperson (2)(4)(5)(7) 51 Employee, Vice President Head of People Principles 2012 2019 Panagiotis
Bissiritsas (3)(4)(5)(7) 47 Employee, Support Expert 2007 2019 Martin
Duffek (3)(7)(10) 40 Employee, Product Manager 2015 2019 Andreas
Hahn (2)(5)(7) 45 Employee, Product Expert, Industry Standards & Open Source 2015 2019 Lars
Lamadé (2)(7)(9)(10) 44 Employee, Head of Customer & Events GSS COO 2002 2019 Christine
Regitz (5)(7)(10) 50 Employee, Vice President User Experience, Chief Product Expert 2015 2019 Robert
Schuschnig-Fowler (7)(10) 56 Employee, Account Manager, Senior Support Engineer 2015 2019 Dr. Sebastian
Sick (2)(4)(7)(9) 43 Head of Company Law Unit, Hans Boeckler Foundation 2015 2019 Pierre
Thiollet (5)(7) 54 Employee, Webmaster 2015 2019 (1) Elected by SAP SE’s shareholders on May 20, 2015. (2) Member of the General and Compensation Committee. (3) Member of the Audit Committee. (4) Member of the Finance and Investment Committee. (5) Member of the Technology and Strategy Committee. (6) Member of the Nomination Committee. (7) Appointed by the SAP SE Works Council Europe on May 6,
2015. (8) Audit Committee financial expert. (9) Member of the Special Committee. (10) Member of the People and Organization Committee 69 Table of Contents For detailed information on the Supervisory Board committees and their tasks, including the Audit Committee and the
General and Compensation Committee, please refer to “Item 10 Additional Information – Corporate Governance.” Pursuant to the Articles of
Incorporation of SAP SE and the Agreement on the Involvement of Employees in SAP SE, members of the Supervisory Board of SAP SE consist of nine representatives of the shareholders and nine representatives of the European employees. The current nine
employees’ representatives were appointed by the SAP SE Works Council Europe on May 6, 2015. Certain current members of the Supervisory Board
of SAP SE were members of supervisory boards and comparable governing bodies of enterprises other than SAP SE in Germany and other countries as of December 31, 2015. See Note (29) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail.
Apart from pension obligations for employees, SAP SE has not entered into contracts with any member of the Supervisory Board that provide for benefits upon a termination of the employment or service of the member. EXECUTIVE BOARD The current
members of the Executive Board, the year in which each member was first appointed and the year in which the term of each expires, respectively, are as follows: Name Year First Appointed Year Current Term Expires Bill McDermott, CEO 2008 2021 Robert Enslin 2014 2021 Michael Kleinemeier 2015 2018 Bernd Leukert 2014 2021 Luka Mucic 2014 2021 Gerhard Oswald 1996 2016 The following changes occurred in the Executive Board in 2015: • On October 8, 2015, the SAP Supervisory Board appointed Michael Kleinemeier to the SAP Executive Board, effective November 1, 2015. A description of the management responsibilities and backgrounds of the current members of the Executive Board are as follows: Bill McDermott, CEO (Vorstandssprecher), 54 years old, holds a master’s degree in business administration. He joined SAP in 2002 and became
a member of its Executive Board on July 1, 2008. On February 7, 2010 he became Co-CEO alongside Jim Hagemann Snabe and when Jim Hagemann Snabe concluded his current role as Co-CEO in May 2014, Bill McDermott became sole CEO. As CEO he is leading SAP with
organizational responsibility for strategy, business development, corporate development, communications, marketing and internal audit. In addition he assumed responsibility for human resources and is the Labor Relations Director. With the
acquisition of Concur, he is also responsible for SAP’s Business Network. He represents SAP as a member of the European Roundtable of Chief Executive Officers, the U.S. Business Council and the World Economic Forum. Prior to joining SAP, he
served as a global executive in several technology companies. Robert Enslin, 53 years old, holds diplomas in data science as well as computer
science and data management. He joined SAP in 1992 and became a member of the Executive Board in May 2014. He is president of Global Customer Operations and is responsible for global sales, industry & line of business (LoB) solutions sales,
services sales, sales operations as well as the Global Customer Office. Before joining SAP, Robert Enslin spent 11 years in various roles in the IT industry. Michael Kleinemeier, 59 years old, holds a degree in commercial management from the University of Paderborn. He first joined SAP in 1989 and became a member of the Executive Board in November 2015. He leads
the Global Service & Support organization including global consulting delivery, all global and regional support and premium engagement functions, maintenance go-to-market, global user groups, and mobile services. Bernd Leukert, 48 years old, holds a master’s degree in business administration with an emphasis on engineering and information technology. He joined
SAP in 1994 and became a member of the Executive Board in May 2014. As SAP’s Chief Technology Officer he is responsible for the board area Products & Innovation including the global development organization, innovation & cloud
delivery, product strategy, development services, and SAP Global Security. In addition, Bernd Leukert heads strategic innovation initiatives at SAP and is responsible for leading design and user experience for SAP. Luka Mucic, 44 years old, holds master’s degrees in law and business administration. He joined SAP in 1996 and became Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
Chief Operating Officer (COO) and a member of the Executive Board in July 2014. He is responsible for finance and administration including investor relations and data protection and privacy. In addition, as the company’s COO, Luka Mucic is
responsible for the Process Office of the company and for Business Innovation & IT. 70 Table of Contents Gerhard Oswald, 62 years old, economics graduate. Gerhard Oswald joined SAP in 1981 and became a member of the
Executive Board in 1996. He is responsible for the board area Product Quality & Enablement covering quality governance & validation, scale, enablement & transformation, logistics services, and special tasks. The members of the Executive Board of SAP SE as of December 31, 2015 that are members on other supervisory boards and comparable governing bodies of
enterprises, other than SAP, in Germany and other countries, are set forth in Note (29) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. SAP SE has not entered into contracts with any member of the Executive Board that provide for benefits upon a
termination of the employment of service of the member, apart from pensions, benefits payable in the event of an early termination of service, and abstention compensation for the postcontractual noncompete period. To our knowledge, there are no family relationships among the Supervisory Board and Executive Board members. COMPENSATION REPORT Compensation for Executive and Supervisory Board Members This compensation report outlines the criteria that we applied for the year 2015 to determine compensation for Executive Board and Supervisory Board members,
discloses the amount of compensation paid, and describes the compensation systems. It also contains information about share-based payment plans for Executive Board members, shares held by Executive Board and Supervisory Board members, and the
directors’ dealings required to be disclosed in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act. Compensation for Executive Board Members Compensation System for 2015 The compensation for 2015 for Executive Board members is intended to reflect SAP’s company size and global presence as well as our economic and financial
standing. The compensation level is internationally competitive to reward committed, successful work in a dynamic business environment. The Executive
Board compensation package is performance-based. It has three elements: – A fixed annual salary element – A variable short-term incentive (STI) element to reward performance in the plan year – A variable long-term incentive (LTI) element tied to the price of SAP shares to reward performance over multiple years The Supervisory Board sets a compensation target for the sum of the fixed and the variable elements. It reviews, and
if appropriate, revises, this compensation target every year. The review takes into account SAP’s business performance and the compensation paid to board members at comparable companies on the international stage. The amount of variable
compensation depends on SAP’s performance against performance targets that the Supervisory Board sets for each plan year. The performance targets are key performance indicator (KPI) values aligned to the SAP budget for the plan year. The following criteria apply to the elements of Executive Board compensation for 2015: – The fixed annual salary element is paid as a monthly salary. – The variable STI element was determined under the STI 2015 plan. Under this plan, the STI compensation depends on the SAP Group’s performance against the
predefined target values for three KPIs: non-IFRS constant currency cloud and software growth; non-IFRS constant currency operating margin increase; and non-IFRS constant currency new and upsell bookings. In addition, the STI 2015 plan provides for
a discretionary element that allows the Supervisory Board, after the end of the fiscal year 2015, to address not only an Executive Board member’s individual performance, but also SAP’s performance in terms of market position, innovative
power, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, attractiveness as an employer and the performance in our Business Network Group. Moreover, if there has been any extraordinary and unforeseeable event, the Supervisory Board can, at its reasonable discretion, retroactively adjust payouts up or down in the interest of SAP. For 2014, this
discretion was applied. On February 18, 2016, the Supervisory Board assessed SAP’s performance against the agreed targets
and determined the amount of compensation payable under the STI 2015 plan. The STI 2015 plan pays out after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in May 2016. – The variable LTI element was determined under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. “RSU” stands for “restricted share unit.” This originally
four-year plan was established in 2012 and focuses on the SAP share price and on certain objectives derived from our Company strategy for the years through 2015. For each of the four years, the members of the Executive Board are allocated a certain
number of RSUs for the respective year based on a budget amount that was granted to each Executive Board member in 2012 already for each of the years 2012 through 2015. The number of RSUs allocated to each member for a given year is their target
amount (an amount in euros) for 71 Table of Contents that year divided by the SAP share price over a reference period (defined in the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 terms) at the beginning of the respective year. The number of RSUs an Executive Board
member actually earns in respect of a given year depends on the Company performance against the objectives for that year (a year is a “performance period” in the plan). The objectives derive from SAP’s strategy for the period to 2015.
The plan objectives relate to two KPIs: non-IFRS total revenue and non-IFRS operating profit. After the end of each
fiscal year, the Supervisory Board assesses the Company’s performance against the objectives set for that year and determines the number of RSUs to be finally allocated and vested in each Executive Board member. No RSUs vest if minimum
performance levels of 60%, predefined for each of the two KPIs, are not achieved. There is also a cap. Normally, the quantity of vested RSUs a member can attain in respect of a plan year is capped at 150% of their initial RSU allocation for that
year. The Company strategy underlying the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 focuses on where SAP aimed to be by the end of 2015, so the plan
gave greater weight to performance against the KPI targets for 2015 (the final year of the plan) than against the targets for 2012 through 2014. Due to the adjustment factor, the number of vested RSUs a member of the Executive Board actually
received for 2015 has been revised according to plan terms. All vested RSUs are subject to a three-year holding period. The holding
period commences at the end of the year for which the RSUs were allocated. The amount an RSU eventually pays out depends on the SAP share price at the end of the holding period. A member who leaves the Executive Board before the end of the plan
retains their vested RSUs for completed plan years but does not retain any allocated but unvested RSUs for the year during which they leave. If a member leaves the Executive Board before the beginning of the subsequent year, no RSUs are finally
allocated. Each vested RSU entitles its holder to a (gross) payout corresponding to the price of one SAP share after the end of the
three-year holding period. The applicable share price is measured over a reference period defined in the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 terms. For the terms and details of the RSU Milestone Plan 2015, see the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27). The number of
RSUs issued initially to each member of the Executive Board under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 for 2015 was decided by the Supervisory Board on February 12, 2015. The number of RSUs allocated finally to each member of the Executive Board under
the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 for 2015 was determined by the Supervisory Board on February 18, 2016. The contracts of Executive Board members Bill McDermott and Robert Enslin require that compensation payments are made in U.S. dollars. The contracts include clauses that determine the exchange
rates for the translation of euro-denominated compensation into U.S. dollars. Changes to Compensation System in 2016 As the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 expired at the end of 2015, the Supervisory Board developed a new LTI 2016 plan for the Executive Board effective January 1,
2016 with the first grant occurring in March 2016. The purpose of the LTI 2016 is to reflect the operating profit target achievement, to ensure long-term retention of our Executive Board members and to reward a share price outperformance by SAP as
compared to a group of its peers (Peer Group). The LTI 2016 is an annual revolving remuneration element that is linked to the price of the SAP share. A
grant amount determined by the Supervisory Board is converted into virtual shares, referred to as Share Units, by dividing the grant amount by the price of the SAP share (calculated on the basis of a defined average value). The grant amount is
determined by the Supervisory Board in its discretion for each financial year at a level of between 80% and 120% of the contractual target amount; taking into account the achievement of the operating profit targets set for the preceding financial
year. The Share Units granted comprise 40% Retention Share Units (RSUs) and 60% Performance Share Units (PSUs). Both types of Share Units have a
vesting period of four years. Each share unit that finally vests entitles its holder to a (gross) payout corresponding to the price of one SAP share after the end of the four-year holding period, but capped at three times the SAP share price applied
for the conversion of the grant amount into Share Units. The number of PSUs, that finally vests depends on the performance of the SAP share. If the
increase of price of the SAP share over the four-year vesting period of the PSUs exceeds the increase of a defined Peer Group Index over the same period, the number of PSUs will be increased by a percentage equal to the outperformance expressed as
percentage points. This percentage will be doubled if, in addition to the outperformance over the Peer Group Index, the price of the SAP share at the end of the vesting period of the PSUs is higher than the price at the start of this period. The
number of vested PSUs a member can attain in respect of a plan year is capped at 150% of their initial PSU allocation for that year. Conversely, if the increase of price of the SAP share over the four-year vesting period of the PSUs underperforms
the Peer Group Index, the number of PSUs will be reduced by a percentage equal to the underperformance expressed as percentage points. No PSUs vest if the underperformance exceeds 50%. 72 Table of Contents Amount of Compensation for 2015 We present separately Executive Board compensation disclosures under three different compensation disclosure approaches: – Compensation disclosures under a management view that follows the requirements of sections 314 and 315 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, or
“HGB”) as specified in the German Accounting Standards (“GAS 17”) except that it allocates share-based compensation to the periods to which this compensation economically belongs – Compensation disclosures fully in accordance the requirements of sections 314 and 315 of the HGB as specified in GAS 17 – Compensation disclosures in accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code (“Code”) I. Executive Board Members’
Compensation – Management View Executive Board Members’ Compensation for 2015 – Management View € thousands Fixed Elements Performance- Related Element Compensation for 2015 Short-Term Incentive Element Long-Term Incentive Element Salary Other 1) STI Share-Based Payment (RSU Milestone Plan 2015) 2) Bill McDermott (CEO) 1,150.0 1,258.0 2,743.5 4,127.5 9,279.0 Robert Enslin 700.0 103.3 1,660.5 1,480.6 3,944.4 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 116.7 0 277.5 315.0 709.2 Bernd Leukert 700.0 11.7 1,660.5 1,480.6 3,852.8 Luka Mucic 700.0 12.1 1,660.5 1,480.6 3,853.2 Gerhard Oswald 700.0 22.4 1,660.5 1,480.6 3,863.5 Total 4,066.7 1,407.5 9,663.0 10,364.9 25,502.1 73 Table of Contents Executive Board Members’ Compensation for 2014 – Management View € thousands Fixed Elements Performance- Related Element Compensation for 2014 1) Short-Term Incentive Elements Long-Term Incentive Element Salary Other 1) STI Share-Based Payment (RSU Milestone
Plan 2015) 2) Bill McDermott (CEO) 1,150.0 861.4 2,036.7 4,040.5 8,088.6 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO and member until May 21, 2014) 448.8 2,647.1 — — 3,095.9 Dr. Werner Brandt (until June 30, 2014) 350.0 1,418.8 — — 1,768.8 Robert Enslin (from May 4, 2014) 462.9 121.0 817.3 939.4 2,340.6 Bernd Leukert (from May 4, 2014) 462.9 12.2 817.3 939.4 2,231.8 Luka Mucic (from July 1, 2014) 350.0 4.3 621.4 729.0 1,704.7 Gerhard Oswald 700.0 22.0 1,232.7 1,449.4 3,404.1 Dr. Vishal Sikka (until May 4, 2014) 291.7 1,367.5 — — 1,659.2 Total 4,216.3 6,454.3 5,525.4 8,097.7 24,293.7 1) Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for
maintenance of two households, non-recurring payments, use of aircraft, tax, cash disbursement of short-term and long-term incentive elements, and discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause. 2) Compensation attributable to Executive Board members for the
respective year, including the respective year’s plan tranche of LTI 2015 based on the grant value at time of grant. The share-based payment
amounts included in the 2015 and 2014 compensation result from the following RSUs under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. Share-Based Payment Under RSU
Milestone Plan 2015 (Grants for 2015) Grants for 2015 Quantity Grant Value per Unit at Time of Grant Total Grant Value at Time of Grant € € thousands Bill McDermott (CEO) 77,099 53.53 4,128 Robert Enslin 27,656 53.53 1,481 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 4,622 68.16 315 Bernd Leukert 27,656 53.53 1,481 Luka Mucic 27,656 53.53 1,481 Gerhard Oswald 27,656 53.53 1,481 Total 192,345 10,365 74 Table of Contents Share-Based Payment Under RSU Milestone Plan 2015 (Grants for 2014) Grants for 2014 Quantity Grant Value per Unit at Time of Grant Total Grant Value at Time of Grant € € thousands Bill McDermott (CEO) 76,374 52.90 4,040.50 Dr. Werner Brandt (until June 30, 2014) 1) — — — Robert Enslin (from May 4, 2014) 18,164 51.72 939.40 Bernd Leukert (from May 4, 2014) 18,164 51.72 939.40 Luka Mucic (from July 1, 2014) 13,811 52.78 729.00 Gerhard Oswald 27,396 52.90 1,449.40 Dr. Vishal Sikka (until May 4, 2014) 1) — — — Total 153,909 8,097.70 1) The allocations for Werner Brandt (27,396 RSUs), and Vishal
Sikka (27,396 RSUs) were forfeited at the end of their contracts. Consequently, they are not disclosed in the table above. II. Executive Board Members’ Compensation According to HGB and GAS 17 Under the compensation disclosure rules of the German HGB and GAS 17, share-based compensation awards are to be included in the compensation of the year of grant,
even if the awards are tied to future years. Accordingly, and in contrast to, the compensation amounts disclosed under the management view above, the Executive Board compensation amounts determined under HGB and GAS 17 for 2014 and 2015: – Exclude the share-based compensation awards granted to Executive Board members in 2012 for the years 2014 and 2015 as these were already included in the 2012
compensation – Include in full the grants for 2014 and 2015 made to Executive Board members appointed in 2014, that is, also including the grant for 2015 – Include the grant for 2015 made to Michael Kleinemeier who was appointed to the Executive Board in 2015 Including RSU Milestone Plan 2015 awards for 2015 granted in 2015 to Michael Kleinemeier ( € 263,200) upon his appointment to the Executive Board, the total Executive Board compensation for 2015 calculated as required under section 314 of the German Commercial Code amounts to € 15,400,400, thereof: Bill McDermott € 5,151,500; Robert Enslin € 2,463,800; Michael Kleinemeier € 657,400; Bernd Leukert € 2,372,200; Luka Mucic € 2,372,600; and Gerhard Oswald € 2,382,900. Including RSU Milestone Plan
2015 awards for 2014 and 2015 granted in 2014 to Robert Enslin ( € 1,574,800 for each of the two years); Bernd Leukert (2014: € 1,280,000; 2015: € 1,574,800); and Luka Mucic (2014: € 1,141,000; 2015: € 1,574,800) upon their appointment to the Executive Board, the total Executive Board compensation for 2014 calculated as required under section
314 of the German Commercial Code amounts to € 23,216,200, thereof: Bill McDermott € 4,048,100; Jim Hagemann Snabe € 1,395,900; Werner Brandt € 1,768,800; Robert Enslin € 4,550,800; Bernd Leukert € 4,147,200; Luka Mucic € 3,691,500; Gerhard Oswald € 1,954,700; and Vishal Sikka € 1,659,200. All amounts as determined
under HGB and GAS 17, other than share-based compensation, are identical to the amounts disclosed under the management view above. III. Executive
Board Members’ Compensation According to the Code Pursuant to the recommendations of the Code, the value of benefits granted for the year under
review as well as the allocation, that is the amounts disbursed for the year under review, are disclosed below based on the reference tables recommended in the Code. In contrast to the disclosure rules stipulated in the German HGB and GAS 17, the Code includes the service cost according to IAS 19 in the Executive Board compensation and requires the additional disclosure of
the target value for the one-year variable compensation and the maximum and minimum compensation amounts achievable for the variable compensation elements. However, due to the payouts under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 not being capped, there is no
disclosure to be made for the maximum variable compensation amount achievable (marked as “NA” in the table below). 75 Table of Contents German Corporate Governance Code (Benefits Granted in 2014 and 2015) Benefits Granted Bill McDermott CEO Robert Enslin Member of the Executive Board Michael
Kleinemeier Member of the Executive Board (from November 1, 2015) 2015 1) 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 1) 2015 1) 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 1) 2015 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 Fixed compensation 1,150.0 1,150.0 1,150.0 1,150.0 700.0 700.0 700.0 462.9 116.7 116.7 116.7 — Fringe
benefits 2) 1,258.0 1,258.0 1,258.0 861.4 103.3 103.3 103.3 121.0 0 0 0 — Total 2,408.0 2,408.0 2,408.0 2,011.4 803.3 803.3 803.3 583.9 116.7 116.7 116.7 — One-year variable compensation 1,860.0 0 3,371.3 1,860.0 1,125.8 0 2,040.5 746.4 188.1 0 340.9 — Multiyear variable compensation RSU Milestone Plan 2015 — 0 NA — — 0 NA 939.4 315.0 0 NA — Total 4,268.0 2,408.0 NA 3,871.4 1,929.1 803.3 NA 2,269.7 619.8 116.7 NA — Service cost 682.4 682.4 682.4 646.8 308.0 308.0 308.0 148.1 0 0 0 — Total 4,950.4 3,090.4 NA 4,518.2 2,237.1 1,111.3 NA 2,417.8 619.8 116.7 NA — German Corporate Governance Code (Benefits Granted in 2014 and 2015) Benefits Granted Bernd Leukert Member of the Executive Board Luka Mucic Member of the Executive Board Gerhard Oswald Member of the Executive Board 2015 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 2015 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 2015 2015 (Min) 2015 (Max) 2014 Fixed compensation 700.0 700.0 700.0 462.9 700.0 700.0 700.0 350.0 700.0 700.0 700.0 700.0 Fringe
benefits 2) 11.7 11.7 11.7 12.2 12.1 12.1 12.1 4.3 22.4 22.4 22.4 22.0 Total 711.7 711.7 711.7 475.1 712.1 712.1 712.1 354.3 722.4 722.4 722.4 722.0 One-year variable compensation 1,125.8 0 2,040.5 746.4 1,125.8 0 2,040.5 567.5 1,125.8 0 2,040.5 1,125.8 Multiyear variable compensation RSU Milestone Plan 2015 — 0 NA 939.4 — 0 NA 729.0 — 0 NA 1,449.4 Total 1,837.5 711.7 NA 2,160.9 1,837.9 712.1 NA 1,650.8 1,848.2 722.4 NA 3,297.2 Service cost 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 1,837.5 711.7 NA 2,160.9 1,837.9 712.1 NA 1,650.8 1,848.2 722.4 NA 3,297.2 1) The value of the fixed and one-year variable elements is subject
to a contractual exchange-rate clause applied at the end of the year, so the amounts actually paid may be greater. 2) Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households, use of aircraft, tax and discrete payments arising through application of the fixed
exchange-rate clause. The total Executive Board compensation granted according to the Code amounted to € 13,330,900
(2014: € 23,302,200). 76 Table of Contents German Corporate Governance Code (Allocation) Allocation Bill McDermott CEO Robert Enslin Member of the Executive Board Michael Kleinemeier Member of the Executive
Board (from November 1, 2015) 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 Fixed compensation 1,150.0 1,150.0 700.0 462.9 116.7 — Fringe
benefits 1) 1,258.0 861.4 103.3 121.0 0 — Total 2,408.0 2,011.4 803.3 583.9 116.7 — One-year variable compensation 2,036.7 1,737.2 817.3 — — — Multi-year variable compensation RSU Milestone Plan 2015 — — — — — — MTI — 1,011.1 — — — — SAP SOP 2011 — — — — — — SAP SOP 2010 — — — — — — SAP SOP 2009 — 378.7 — — — — Other — — — — — — Total 4,444.7 5,138.4 1,620.6 583.9 116.7 — Service cost 682.4 646.9 308.0 148.1 0 — Total 5,127.1 5,785.3 1,928.6 732.0 116.7 — German Corporate Governance Code (Allocation) Allocation Bernd Leukert Member of the Executive Board Luka Mucic Member of the Executive Board Gerhard Oswald Member of the Executive Board 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 Fixed compensation 700.0 462.9 700.0 350.0 700.0 700.0 Fringe
benefits 1) 11.7 12.2 12.1 4.3 22.4 22.0 Total 711.7 475.1 712.1 354.3 722.4 722.0 One-year variable compensation 817.3 — 621.4 — 1,232.7 1,051.5 Multi-year variable compensation RSU Milestone Plan 2015 — — — — — — MTI — — — — — 611.0 SAP SOP 2011 — — — — 1,126.7 — SAP SOP 2010 — — — — — 1,590.9 SAP SOP 2009 — — — — — — Other — — — — — — Total 1,529.0 475.1 1,333.5 354.3 3,081.8 3,975.4 Service cost 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 1,529.0 475.1 1,333.5 354.3 3,081.8 3,975.4 1) Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households, use of aircraft, tax and discrete payments
arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause. 77 Table of Contents The total Executive Board compensation allocated according to the Code amounted to € 13,116,700 (2014: € 32,687,400). End-of-Service Benefits Regular End-of-Service Undertakings Retirement Pension Plan The following retirement pension agreements apply to the individual members of the Executive Board: – Michael Kleinemeier, Bernd Leukert, Luka Mucic, and Gerhard Oswald receive a retirement pension when they reach the retirement age of 60 (62 for Board Members
appointed after January 1, 2012) and retire from their Executive Board seat, or a disability pension if, before reaching the regular retirement age, they become subject to occupational disability or permanent incapacity. A surviving
dependent’s pension is paid on the death of a former member of the Executive Board. The disability pension is 100% of the vested retirement pension entitlement and is payable until the beneficiary’s 60th birthday, after which it is
replaced by a retirement pension. The surviving dependent’s pension is 60% of the retirement pension or vested disability pension entitlement at death. Entitlements are enforceable against SAP SE. Current pension payments are reviewed annually
for adjustments and, if applicable, increased according to the surplus in the pension liability insurance. If service is ended before the retirement age of 60 (62 for Board Members appointed after January 1, 2012), pension entitlement is
reduced in proportion as the actual length of service stands in relation to the maximum possible length of service. The applied retirement pension plan is contributory. The contribution is 4% of applicable compensation up to the applicable income
threshold plus 14% of applicable compensation above the applicable income threshold. For this purpose, applicable compensation is 180% of annual base salary. The applicable income threshold is the statutory annual income threshold for the state
pension plan in Germany (West), as amended from time to time. Originally, Gerhard Oswald was under a performance-based retirement plan. This plan was discontinued when SAP introduced a contributory retirement pension plan in 2000. His pension
benefits are derived from any accrued entitlements on December 31, 1999, under performance-based pension agreements and a salary-linked contribution for the period commencing January 1, 2000. Gerhard Oswald’s rights to retirement
pension benefits will increase by further annual contributions because he remains a member of the Executive Board after his 60th birthday until his scheduled retirement on December 31, 2016. – Bill McDermott has rights to future benefits under the portion of the pension plan for SAP America classified as “Non-Qualified Retirement Plan”
according to the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). The “Non-Qualified” pension plan of SAP America is a cash balance plan that on retirement provides either monthly pension payments or a lump sum. The pension becomes
available from the beneficiary’s 65th birthday. Subject to certain conditions, the plan also provides earlier payment or invalidity benefits. The “Non-Qualified” pension plan closed with effect from January 1, 2009. Interest
continues to be paid on the earned rights to benefits within this plan. SAP made contributions to a third-party
pension plan for Bill McDermott (2015: € 682,400; 2014: € 646,800) and Robert Enslin (2015: € 308,000; 2014: € 148,100). SAP’s contributions are based on payments by Bill McDermott and Robert Enslin into this pension plan. 78 Table of Contents Total Defined Benefit Obligations (DBO) and the Total Accruals for Pension Obligations to Executive Board Members € thousands Bill McDermott (CEO) Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 1) Bernd 
Leukert 1) Luka 
Mucic 1) Gerhard Oswald Total DBO January 1, 2014 1,042.7 — — — 5,816.5 6,859.2 Less plan assets market value January 1, 2014 — — — — 4,651.3 4,651.3 Accrued January 1, 2014 1,042.7 — — — 1,165.2 2,207.9 DBO change in 2014 169.8 — 123.2 102.8 1,404.9 1,800.7 Plan assets change in 2014 — — 94.6 67.8 341.1 503.5 DBO December 31, 2014 1,212.5 — 123.2 102.8 7,221.4 8,659.9 Less plan assets market value December 31, 2014 — — 94.6 67.8 4,992.4 5,154.8 Accrued December 31, 2014 1,212.5 — 28.6 35.0 2,229.0 3,505.1 DBO change in 2015 170.0 29.7 129.2 129.9 – 171.2 287.6 Plan assets change in 2015 — 25.4 145.6 138.0 356.9 665.9 DBO December 31, 2015 1,382.5 29.7 252.4 232.7 7,050.2 8,947.5 Less plan assets market value December 31, 2015 — 25.4 240.2 205.8 5,349.3 5,820.7 Accrued December 31, 2015 1,382.5 4.3 12.2 26.9 1,700.9 3,126.8 1) The values shown here only reflect the pension entitlements
that Michael Kleinemeier, Bernd Leukert and Luka Mucic will receive from the retirement pension plan for Executive Board members. The table below shows
the annual pension entitlement of each member of the Executive Board on reaching the scheduled retirement age (60 for Executive Board members initially appointed before 2012 and 62 for Executive Board members initially appointed after
January 1, 2012) based on entitlements from SAP under performance-based and salary-linked plans vested on December 31, 2015. Annual
Pension Entitlement € thousands Vested on December 31, 2015 Vested on December 31, 2014 Bill McDermott
(CEO) 1) 106.9 94.0 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 0.7 — Bernd Leukert 8.8 3.5 Luka Mucic 7.8 2.6 Gerhard
Oswald 2) 302.5 279.4 1) The rights shown here for Bill McDermott refer solely to
rights under the pension plan for SAP America. 2) Due to the extension of Gerhard Oswald’s contract
beyond June 30, 2014, these values represent the retirement pension entitlement that he would receive after his current Executive Board contract expires on December 31, 2016, based on the entitlements vested on December 31, 2015
(December 31, 2014). 79 Table of Contents These are vested entitlements. To the extent that members continue to serve on the Executive Board and that therefore
more contributions are made for them in the future, pensions actually payable at the scheduled retirement age will be higher than the amounts shown in the table. Postcontractual Non-Compete Provisions During the
agreed 12-month postcontractual non-compete period, each Executive Board member receives abstention payments corresponding to 50% of the final average contractual compensation as agreed in the respective contract on an individual basis. Any other
occupational income generated by the Executive Board member will be deducted from their compensation in accordance with section 74c of the German Commercial Code. The following table presents the net
present values of the postcontractual non-compete abstention payments. The net present values in the table reflect the discounted present value of the amounts that would be paid in the fictitious scenario in which the Executive Board members leave
SAP at the end of their respective current contract terms and their final average contractual compensation prior to their departure equals the compensation in 2015. Actual postcontractual non-compete payments will likely differ from these amounts
depending on the time of departure and the compensation levels and target achievements at the time of departure. Net Present Values of the Postcontractual
Non-Compete Abstention Payments € thousands Contract Term Expires Net Present Value of 
Postcontractual Non-Compete Abstention Payment 1) Bill McDermott (CEO) June 30, 2017 4,627.7 Robert Enslin June 30, 2017 1,967.2 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) October 31, 2018 349.6 Bernd Leukert June 30, 2017 1,921.5 Luka Mucic June 30, 2017 1,921.7 Gerhard Oswald December 31, 2016 1,928.9 Total 12,716.6 1) For the purpose of this calculation, the following discount rates
have been applied: Bill McDermott 0.18% (2014: 0.46%); Robert Enslin 0.18% (2014: 0.46%); Michael Kleinemeier 0.50%; Bernd Leukert 0.18% (2014: 0.46%); Luka Mucic 0.18% (2014: 0.46%); Gerhard Oswald 0.15% (2014: 0.38%). Early End-of-Service Undertakings Severance Payments The standard contract for all
Executive Board members provides that on termination before full term (for example, where the member’s appointment is revoked, where the member becomes occupationally disabled, or in connection with a change of control), SAP SE will pay to the
member the outstanding part of the compensation target for the entire remainder of the term, appropriately discounted for early payment. A member has no claim to that payment if they have not served SAP as a member of the Executive Board for at
least one year or if they leave SAP SE for reasons for which they are responsible. Upon the appointment of Robert Enslin, Bernd Leukert, Luka Mucic, and Michael Kleinemeier to the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board abstained from the waiting
period of one year due to their previous membership to the Global Managing Board. If an Executive Board member’s appointment to the Executive Board expires or ceases to exist because of, or as a
consequence of, change or restructuring, or due to a change of control, SAP SE and each Executive Board member has the right to terminate the employment contract within eight weeks of the occurrence by giving six months’ notice. A change of
control is deemed to occur when a third party is required to make a mandatory takeover offer to the shareholders of SAP SE under the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act, when SAP SE merges with another company and becomes the subsumed
entity, or when a control or profit transfer agreement is concluded with SAP SE as the dependent company. An Executive Board member’s contract can also be terminated before full term if their appointment as an Executive Board member of SAP SE
is revoked in connection with a change of control. 80 Table of Contents Postcontractual Non-Compete Provisions Abstention compensation for the postcontractual non-compete period as described above is also payable on early contract termination. Permanent Disability In case of permanent disability, the contract will end at the end of the quarter in which the permanent inability to work was determined. The Executive Board member receives the monthly basic salary for a further
12 months starting from the date the permanent disability is determined. Payments to Former Executive Board Members In 2015, we paid pension benefits of € 1,580,000 to
Executive Board members who had retired before January 1, 2015 (2014: € 1,425,000). At the end of the year, the DBO for former
Executive Board members was € 32,758,000 (2014: € 33,764,000). Plan assets of € 26,716,000 are available to meet these obligations (2014: € 25,584,000). Executive Board Members’ Holdings of Long-Term Incentives Members of the Executive Board hold or held share-based payment rights throughout the year under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 and the SAP SOP 2010 (which were
granted in previous years). For information about the terms and details of these programs, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27). RSU Milestone Plan 2015 The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on
December 31, 2015, of RSUs issued to them under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. The plan is a cash-settled long-term incentive scheme with a payout subsequent to a performance period of one year and an additional holding period of three years. The
RSU Milestone Plan 2015 consists of four plan tranches to be issued with respect to the calendar years 2012 through 2015. RSU Milestone Plan 2015 (2015 Tranche) Quantity of RSUs Holding on January 1, 2015 Grants in 2015 Performance- Related Adjustment Exercised Units Forfeited Units Holding on December 31, 2015 Bill McDermott (CEO) 255,050 77,099 36,568 — — 368,717 Robert Enslin 14,148 27,656 12,329 — — 54,133 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 0 4,622 599 — — 5,221 Bernd Leukert 14,148 27,656 13,922 — — 55,726 Luka Mucic 10,757 27,656 13,474 — — 51,887 Gerhard Oswald 91,490 27,656 13,117 — — 132,263 Total 385,593 192,345 90,009 0 0 667,947 The holding of RSUs on December 31, 2015, which were issued and not forfeited in 2015, reflects the number of
RSUs multiplied by the total target achievement. The total target achievement consists of the addition of the target achievement of the financial KPIs of 112.96% and the adjustment factor based on individual plan participation. The RSUs allocated in 2012 have a remaining term of 0.08 years; the RSUs allocated in 2013 have a remaining term of 1.08 years; the RSUs allocated in 2014 have a remaining term of
2.08 years; and the RSUs allocated in 2015 have a remaining term of 3.08 years. 81 Table of Contents RSU Milestone Plan 2015 (2014 Tranche) Quantity of RSUs Holding on January 1, 2014 Grants in 2014 Performance- Related Adjustment Exercised Units Forfeited Units Holding on December 31, 2014 Bill McDermott (CEO) 195,562 76,374 – 16,886 — — 255,050 Dr. Werner Brandt (until June 30, 2014) 70,151 27,396 — — 27,396 70,151 Gerhard Oswald 70,151 27,396 – 6,057 — — 91,490 Dr. Vishal Sikka (until May 4, 2014) 1) 70,151 27,396 — 70,151 27,396 — Robert Enslin (from May 4, 2014) 0 18,164 – 4,016 — — 14,148 Bernd Leukert (from May 4, 2014) 0 18,164 – 4,016 — — 14,148 Luka Mucic (from July 1, 2014) 0 13,811 – 3,054 — — 10,757 Total 406,014 208,701 – 34,029 70,151 54,792 455,743 1) According to the termination agreement with Vishal Sikka,
the 2012 grants will be paid out after the close of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2016, based on a fixed share price of € 52.96. The 2013 grants will be paid out after the close of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2017 based on a fixed share
price of € 58.69. The holding of RSUs on
December 31, 2014, which were issued and not forfeited in 2014, reflects the number of RSUs multiplied by the 77.89% target achievement. RSU
Milestone Plan 2015 (2013 Tranche) Quantity of RSUs Holding on January 1, 2013 Grants in 2013 Performance- Related Adjustment Exercised Units Forfeited Units Holding on December 31, 2013 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 127,425 73,289 – 5,152 — — 195,562 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 1) 127,425 73,289 – 5,152 195,562 — — Dr. Werner Brandt 45,709 26,290 – 1,848 — — 70,151 Gerhard Oswald 45,709 26,290 – 1,848 — — 70,151 Dr. Vishal Sikka 45,709 26,290 – 1,848 — — 70,151 Total 391,977 225,448 – 15,849 195,562 0 406,014 1) According to the termination agreement with Jim Hagemann
Snabe, the 2012 and 2013 grants were paid out after the close of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 21, 2014, based on a fixed share price of € 52.96 for the 2012 grants and € 58.69 for the 2013 grants. The holding of RSUs on December 31, 2013, which were issued and not forfeited in 2013, reflects the number of RSUs multiplied by the 92.97% target
achievement. 82 Table of Contents RSU Milestone Plan 2015 (2012 Tranche) Quantity of RSUs Holding on January 1, 2012 Grants in 2012 Performance- Related Adjustment Exercised Units Forfeited Units Holding on December 31, 2012 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) — 95,414 32,011 — — 127,425 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) — 95,414 32,011 — — 127,425 Dr. Werner Brandt — 34,226 11,483 — — 45,709 Gerhard Oswald — 34,226 11,483 — — 45,709 Dr. Vishal Sikka — 34,226 11,483 — — 45,709 Total — 293,506 98,471 — — 391,977 The holding on December 31, 2012, reflects the number of RSUs issued in 2012 multiplied by the 133.55% target achievement. SAP SOP 2010 The table below
shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on December 31, 2015, of virtual share options issued to them under the SAP SOP 2010 since its inception. The strike price for an option is 115% of the base price. The issued options have a term of
seven years and can only be exercised on specified dates after the vesting period. The options issued in 2010 were exercisable beginning in September 2014 and the options issued in 2011 were exercisable beginning in June 2015. SAP SOP 2010 Virtual Share Options Year Granted Holding on January 1, 2015 Strike Price per Option Rights Exercised in 2015 Price on Exercise Date Forfeited Rights Holding on December 31, 2015 Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years € Quantity of Options € Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Bill McDermott (CEO) 2010 135,714 2.69 40.80 — — — 135,714 1.69 2011 112,426 3.44 48.33 — — — 112,426 2.44 Gerhard Oswald 2010 0 — — 0 — — — — 2011 68,284 – 48.33 68,284 64.83 — — — Total 316,424 68,284 — 248,140 83 Table of Contents Total Expense for Share-Based Payment Total expense for the share-based payment plans of Executive Board members was recognized as follows. Total
Expense for Share-Based Payment € thousands 2015 2014 Bill McDermott (CEO) 12,291.1 5,063.8 Robert Enslin 1,851.2 1,833.5 Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) 364.7 — Bernd Leukert 2,208.6 1,759.7 Luka Mucic 2,148.5 1,577.2 Gerhard Oswald 3,445.6 1,891.1 Total 22,309.7 12,125.3 The expense is recognized in accordance with IFRS 2 (Share-Based Payments) and consists exclusively of obligations
arising from Executive Board activities. Shareholdings and Transactions of Executive Board Members No member of the Executive Board holds more than 1% of the ordinary shares of SAP SE. Members of the Executive Board held a total of 45,309 SAP shares on December 31, 2015 (2014: 36,426 shares). The table below shows transactions by Executive Board members and persons closely associated with them notified to SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading
Act, section 15a, in 2015. Transactions in SAP Shares Transaction Date Transaction Quantity Unit Price Bill McDermott (CEO) August 11, 2015 Purchase of ADRs 2,000 US$71.5845 Robert Enslin August 26, 2015 Purchase of ADRs 1,145 US$66.3099 Bernd Leukert May 7, 2015 Share sale 1,595 € 66.2364 August 13, 2015 Share purchase 830 € 63.7290 Luka Mucic May 20, 2015 Share purchase 700 € 68.9990 Gerhard Oswald July 22, 2015 Share purchase 930 € 66.7100 Executive Board: Other Information We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of our Executive Board in 2015 or the previous year. As far as the law permits, SAP SE and its affiliated companies in Germany and elsewhere indemnify and hold harmless their respective directors and officers against
and from the claims of third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and officers’ (D&O) group liability insurance. The policy is annual and is renewed from year to year. The insurance covers the personal liability of the insured
group for financial loss caused by its managerial acts and omissions. The current D&O policy includes an individual deductible for Executive Board members of SAP SE as required by section 93 (2) of the German Stock Corporation Act. Compensation for Supervisory Board Members Compensation System Supervisory Board members’ compensation is governed by our Articles
of Incorporation, section 16. By resolution of our May 20, 2015, Annual General Meeting of Shareholders the section was changed from the compensation with fixed and performance-related components to a fixed compensation plus fixed amounts for
membership in and chairing of committees. Each member of the Supervisory Board receives, in addition to the reimbursement of their expenses, an annual
basic compensation of € 165,000. The chairperson receives € 275,000 and the deputy chairperson € 220,000. For membership of the Audit Committee, Supervisory Board members receive additional fixed annual 84 Table of Contents compensation of € 16,500, and for membership of any other Supervisory Board committee € 11,000, provided that the committee concerned has met in the year. The chairperson of the Audit Committee receives € 27,500, and the chairpersons of the other committees receive € 22,000. The fixed remuneration is payable after the end of the year. Any members of the Supervisory Board having served for less than the entire year receive one-twelfth of the annual
remuneration for each month of service commenced. This also applies to the increased compensation of the chairperson and the deputy chairperson(s) and to the remuneration for the chairperson and the members of a committee. Supervisory Board Members’ Compensation
in 2015 € thousands 2015 2014 Fixed Compen- sation Compen- sation for Commit- tee Work Total Fixed Compen- sation Compen- sation for Commit- tee Work Variable Compen- sation Total Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner (chairperson) 275.0 66.0 341.0 100.0 100.0 150.0 350.0 Margret Klein-Magar (deputy chairperson from May 20, 2015) 215.4 29.3 244.8 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Pekka Ala-Pietilä 165.0 27.5 192.5 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Panagiotis Bissiritsas 165.0 32.1 197.1 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Catherine Bordelon (until May 20, 2015) 68.8 0 68.8 25.0 5.0 50.0 80.0 Martin Duffek (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 18.3 128.3 NA NA NA NA Prof. Anja Feldmann 165.0 22.0 187.0 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann 165.0 44.0 209.0 50.0 50.0 100.0 200.0 Andreas Hahn (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 14.7 124.7 NA NA NA NA Christiane Kuntz-Mayr (deputy chairperson and member until May 20, 2015) 91.7 9.2 100.8 70.0 20.8 130.0 220.8 Prof. Dr. Gesche Joost (from May 28, 2015) 110.0 11.0 121.0 NA NA NA NA Lars Lamadé 165.0 22.0 187.0 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Steffen Leskovar (until May 20, 2015) 68.8 11.5 80.2 25.0 12.5 50.0 87.5 Bernard Liautaud 165.0 22.0 187.0 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Dr. h. c. Hartmut Mehdorn (until May 15, 2015) 68.8 9.2 77.9 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Christine Regitz (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 14.7 124.7 NA NA NA NA Dr. Kurt Reiner (until May 20, 2015) 68.8 9.2 77.9 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Mario Rosa-Bian (until May 20, 2015) 68.8 9.2 77.9 50.0 15.0 100.0 165.0 Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 165.0 27.5 192.5 50.0 35.0 100.0 185.0 Stefan Schulz (until May 20, 2015) 68.8 11.5 80.2 50.0 30.8 100.0 180.8 Robert Schuschnig-Fowler (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 7.3 117.3 NA NA NA NA Dr. Sebastian Sick (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 14.7 124.7 NA NA NA NA Jim Hagemann Snabe 165.0 22.0 187.0 25.0 10.0 50.0 85.0 Pierre Thiollet (from May 20, 2015) 110.0 7.3 117.3 NA NA NA NA Inga Wiele (until July 6 , 2014) NA NA NA 29.2 14.6 58.3 102.1 Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Klaus Wucherer 165.0 16.5 181.5 50.0 20.8 100.0 170.8 Total 3,249.6 478.5 3,728.1 924.2 514.5 1,788.3 3,227.0 85 Table of Contents In addition, we reimburse members of the Supervisory Board for their expenses and the value-added tax payable on
their compensation. In total, we received services from members of the Supervisory Board (including services from employee representatives on the
Supervisory Board in their capacity as employees of SAP) in the amount of € 1,282,800 (2014: € 2,295,000). This amount includes fees paid to Linklaters LLP in Frankfurt am Main, Germany (which Supervisory Board member Wilhelm Haarmann is
a partner of) of € 224,500 (2014: € 1,001,700). Long-Term Incentives for
the Supervisory Board We do not offer members share options or other share-based payment for their Supervisory Board work. Any share options or
other share-based payment received by employee-elected members relate to their position as SAP employees and not to their work on the Supervisory Board. Shareholdings and Transactions of Supervisory Board Members Supervisory Board chairperson Hasso Plattner and the companies he controlled held 90,248,789 SAP shares on December 31, 2015 (December 31, 2014: 107,442,743
SAP shares), representing 7.346% (2014: 8.746%) of SAP’s share capital. No other member of the Supervisory Board held more than 1% of the SAP SE share capital at the end of 2015 or of the previous year. Members of the Supervisory Board held a
total of 90,262,686 SAP shares on December 31, 2015 (December 31, 2014: 107,467,372 SAP shares). The table below shows transactions by Supervisory
Board members and persons closely associated with them notified to SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act, section 15a, in 2015: Transactions in SAP Shares Transaction Date Transaction Quantity Unit Price Andreas Hahn May 28, 2015 Share purchase 12 € 57.3600 June 2, 2015 Share sale 100 € 67.4170 August 5, 2015 Share sale 115 € 66.2200 October 28, 2015 Share sale 38 € 70.0100 Margret Klein-Magar May 7, 2015 Share sale 120 € 66.2364 Hasso Plattner December 18, 2015 Share purchase 2,444,816 € 72.9300 Hasso Plattner GmbH & Co. Beteiligungs-KG December 23, 2015 Compensation in kind (granting party) 87,803,973 1 ) HP Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH & Co. KG December 23, 2015 Compensation in kind (receiving party) 87,803,973 1 ) Sabine Plattner GmbH & Co. Beteiligungs-KG November 25, 2015 Share sale 480,000 2 ) Riitta Schuschnig-Fowler December 8, 2015 Share sale 50 € 72.4500 Robert Schuschnig-Fowler December 8, 2015 Share sale 35 € 72.6500 Ingrid van Skyhawk May 28, 2015 Share purchase 11 € 57.3600 June 2, 2015 Share sale 75 € 67.4170 August 4, 2015 Share sale 122 € 65.6800 November 18, 2015 Share sale 90 € 73.7700 1) Compensation in kind of 87,803,973 shares, hypothetical volume of
the transaction € 6,299,935,062.75. 2) The notifying party concluded a contract with a bank acting as commission agent for the sale of 10,000 SAP shares per week. The sale
will be carried out at the bank’s own discretion in the stock market or over the counter in the months December 2015 through November 2016. 86 Table of Contents Supervisory Board: Other Information We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of our Supervisory Board in 2015 or the previous year. Hasso Plattner, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board, entered into a consulting contract with SAP after he joined the Supervisory Board in May 2003. The
contract does not provide for any compensation. The only cost we incurred under the contract was the reimbursement of expenses. As far as the law
permits, we indemnify Supervisory Board members against, and hold them harmless from, claims brought by third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and officers’ (D&O) group liability insurance. The current D&O policy does
not include an individual deductible for Supervisory Board members as envisaged in the German Corporate Governance Code. EMPLOYEES Headcount Note (7) to our Consolidated Financial Statements presents the number of employees, measured in full-time equivalents by functional area and by
geographic region. On December 31, 2015, we had 76,986 full-time equivalent (FTE) employees worldwide (December 31, 2014: 74,406). This represents
an increase in headcount of 2,579 FTEs in comparison to 2014. The average number of employees in 2015 was 75,180 (2014: 68,343). We define FTE
headcount as the number of people we would employ if we only employed people on full-time employment contracts. Students employed part-time and certain individuals employed by SAP but who, for various reasons, are not currently working, are excluded
from our figures. Also, temporary employees are not included in the above figures. The number of temporary employees is not material. On
December 31, 2015, the largest number of SAP employees (44%) were employed in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region (including 23% in Germany and 21% in other countries of the region), while 29% were employed in the North
America and Latin America (Americas) region (including 21% in the United States and 8% in other countries of the region) and 27% in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. Our worldwide headcount in the field of cloud and software decreased less than 1% to 14,991 FTEs (2014: 15,074). Services counted 15,085 FTEs at the end of 2015 – an increase of 3% (2014: 14,639). Our R&D headcount saw a year-over-year increase of 11% to 20,938 FTEs (2014: 18,908). Sales and marketing headcount grew by 1% to 18,206 FTEs at the end of the year (2014: 17,969). General and
administration headcount stayed constant at 5,024 FTEs at the end of the year (2014: 5,023). Our infrastructure employees numbered 2,743 FTEs – a decrease of 2% (2014: 2,794). In the Americas region, headcount (FTEs) increased by 95, or less than 1%; in the EMEA region, the increase was 566, or 2%; and in the APJ region, it was 1,919, or 10%. Our personnel expense per employee increased to approximately € 135,000 in 2015 (2014: approximately € 115,000). This rise in expense is primarily attributable
to an increase in salaries, employee-related restructuring expenses, share-based payments, and a significant rise in the share price in 2015. The personnel expense per employee is defined as the personnel expense divided by the average number of
employees. For more information about employee compensation and a detailed overview of the number of people we employ, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (7). Employee and Labor Relations On a worldwide basis, we
believe that our employee and labor relations are excellent. On a corporate level employees of SAP in Europe are represented by the SAP SE Works
Council (WoC) (Europe). By law and agreement with SAP the SAP SE WoC (Europe) is entitled to receive information on transnational matters and to consult with the Executive Board or a representative thereof. The SAP SE WoC (Europe) was established in
November 2014 as a result of the legal transformation of SAP AG into SAP SE. The SAP SE WoC (Europe) replaced the European Works Council which was dissolved following the conversion. On the legal entity level, the SAP SE works council (Germany) represents the employees of SAP SE. The employees of SAP Deutschland SE & Co. KG (SAP Germany) are represented by a separate works council.
Other employee representatives include the group works council (members of the works councils of SAP SE and SAP Germany), the representatives of severely disabled persons in all entities and on group level (Germany) and the spokespersons committee
as the representation of the executives. Employees of SAP France, SAP France Holding and SAP Labs France SAS are subject to a collective bargaining
agreement. Each of SAP France, SAP France Holding, SAP Labs France SAS, Multiposting SAS France and b-process France are represented by a French works council. The represented unions negotiate agreements with SAP France and SAP Labs France SAS. 87 Table of Contents In addition, the employees of various other SAP entities, including SAP España – Sistemas, Aplicaciones y
Productos en la Informática, S.A., SAP Belgium NV/SA., SAP Nederland B.V., SAP Italia Sistemi Applicazioni Prodotti in Data Processing S.p.A., Concur (France) SAS, SAP Brasil Ltda, SAP sistemi, aplikacije in produkti za obdelavo podatkov
d.o.o.(Slovenia), SAP Romania SRL, SAP Argentina S.A. and SAP Svenska Aktiebolag (Sweden), are represented by works councils, worker representatives, employee consultation forums and/or unions. In addition, some of these employees are subject to a
collective bargaining agreement. SHARE OWNERSHIP Beneficial Ownership of Shares The ordinary shares beneficially owned by the persons listed in Item 6.
Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Compensation Report” are disclosed in “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related-Party Transactions – Major Shareholders.” SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS Share-Based Compensation We maintain certain share-based compensation plans. The share-based compensation from these plans result from cash-settled and equity-settled awards issued to
employees. For more information on our share-based compensation plans refer to “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Compensation Report” and Note (27) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS The share
capital of SAP SE consists of ordinary shares, which are issued only in bearer form. Accordingly, SAP SE generally cannot determine the identity of its shareholders or how many shares a particular shareholder owns. SAP’s ordinary shares are
traded in the United States by means of ADRs. Each ADR currently represents one SAP SE ordinary share. On March 11, 2016, based on information provided by the Depositary there were 41,751,316 ADRs held of record by 917 registered holders. The
ordinary shares underlying such ADRs represented 3.40% of the then-outstanding ordinary shares (including treasury stock). Because SAP’s ordinary shares are issued in bearer form only, we are unable to determine the number of ordinary shares
directly held by persons with U.S. addresses. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the ordinary
shares to the extent known to SAP as of March 11, 2016 of: (i) each person or group known by SAP SE to own beneficially 5% or more of the outstanding ordinary shares; and (ii) the beneficial ownership of all members of the Supervisory
Board and all members of the Executive Board, individually and as a group, in each case as reported to SAP SE by such persons. There was, as far as we are able to tell given the nature of our shares, no significant change in the percentage ownership
held by any major shareholder during the past three years. None of the major shareholders have special voting rights. Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned Major Shareholders Number % of Outstanding Dietmar Hopp,
collectively (1) 65,273,200 5.313 % Hasso Plattner, Chairperson Supervisory Board, collectively (2) 90,248,789 7.346 % Joint heirs of Klaus Tschira, collectively (3) 88,149,595 7.175 % Executive Board Members as a group (6 persons) 45,309 0.004 % Supervisory Board Members as a group (18 persons) 90,262,818 7.347 % Executive Board Members and Supervisory Board Members as a group (24 persons) (4) 90,308,127 7.351 % Options and convertible bonds that are vested and exercisable within 60 days of March 11, 2016, held by Executive Board Members and
Supervisory Board Members, collectively 0 NA BlackRock,
Inc. (5) NA >5 % (1) Represents 65,273,200 ordinary shares beneficially owned by
Dietmar Hopp, including 3,404,000 ordinary shares owned by DH Besitzgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG (formerly known as Golf Club St. Leon-Rot GmbH & Co. Betriebs-oHG) of which DH Verwaltungs-GmbH is the general partner and 61,869,200
ordinary shares owned by Dietmar Hopp Stiftung, GmbH. Mr. Hopp exercises voting and dispositive powers of the ordinary shares held by such entities. The foregoing information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Dietmar Hopp and Dietmar
Hopp Stiftung, GmbH on February 15, 2016. 88 Table of Contents (2) Includes HP
Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH & Co. KG in which Hasso Plattner exercises sole voting and dispositive power. (3) Includes Klaus Tschira Stiftung gGmbH and Dr. h. c. Tschira Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG in which the joint heirs of Klaus Tschira exercise sole voting and
dispositive power. (4) We believe each of the other
members of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board beneficially owns less than 1% of SAP SE’s ordinary shares as of March 11, 2016. (5) As required under German law, BlackRock, Inc. informed SAP that they own more than 5% of SAP’s outstanding ordinary shares.
BlackRock, Inc. is not required to provide SAP with the number of shares owned and has not provided such information. We at present have no knowledge
about any arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the company. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS For further information on related-party transactions see Note (30) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE See “Item
18. Financial Statements” and pages F-1 through F-73. OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION Legal Proceedings We are subject to a variety of legal
proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Refer to Note (23) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of our material legal proceedings. Dividend Policy For more information on dividend policy see the disclosure in “Item 3. Key Information
— Dividends”. Significant Changes We
are in the process of preparing the consolidation of intellectual property rights from hybris AG to SAP SE. For more information about this transfer, see Note (32). The Supervisory Board of SAP SE appointed Stefan Ries and Steve Singh to the SAP Executive Board, with effect from
April 1, 2016. Stefan Ries will continue his role as Chief Human Resources Officer and also take on the role of SAP Labor Relations Director.
Steve Singh will continue to lead the SAP Business Network Group. The Global Managing Board will be dissolved on March 31, 2016. ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING GENERAL Our ordinary shares are officially listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange,
the Berlin Stock Exchange and the Stuttgart Stock Exchange. The principal trading market for the ordinary shares is Xetra, the electronic dealing platform of Deutsche Boerse AG. ADRs representing SAP SE ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol “SAP,” and currently each ADR represents one ordinary share. 89 Table of Contents TRADING ON THE FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGE AND THE NYSE The table below sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices for the ordinary shares on the Xetra trading System of the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange together with the closing highs and lows of the DAX, and the high and low closing sales prices for the ADRs on the NYSE (information is provided by Reuters): Price per Ordinary Share in € DAX (1) in points Price per ADR in US$ High Low High Low High Low Annual Highs and Lows 2011 45.90 34.26 7,527.64 5,072.33 68.31 48.39 2012 61.43 41.45 7,672.10 5,969.40 81.21 53.25 2013 64.80 52.20 9,589.39 7,459.96 87.14 70.27 2014 62.55 50.90 10,087.12 8,571.95 85.45 64.14 2015 74.85 54.53 12,374.73 9,427.64 80.91 63.37 Quarterly Highs and Lows 2014 First Quarter 62.55 54.31 9,742.96 9,017.79 85.45 74.87 Second Quarter 59.15 54.41 10,028.80 9,173.71 81.77 74.21 Third Quarter 61.12 56.53 10,029.43 9,009.32 82.30 72.16 Fourth Quarter 58.73 50.90 10,087.12 8,571.95 71.70 64.14 2015 First Quarter 67.60 54.53 12,167.72 9,469.66 73.53 63.56 Second Quarter 70.72 62.60 12,374.73 10,944.97 77.27 70.23 Third Quarter 68.77 55.89 11,735.72 9,427.64 74.60 63.37 Fourth Quarter 74.85 57.12 11,382.23 9,509.25 80.91 64.16 Monthly Highs and Lows 2015 July 68.77 61.29 11,735.72 10,676.78 74.60 68.26 August 66.79 56.90 11,636.30 9,648.43 73.08 65.47 September 59.83 55.89 10,317.84 9,427.64 67.07 63.37 October 71.88 57.12 10,850.14 9,509.25 78.71 64.16 November 74.85 72.33 11,382.23 10,708.40 80.22 77.96 December 74.75 69.40 11,261.24 10,139.34 80.91 77.21 2016 January 74.25 70.58 10,310.10 9,391.64 80.36 76.90 February 73.19 64.90 9,757.88 8,752.87 79.70 73.68 March (through March 11, 2016) 71.17 68.62 9,831.13 9,498.15 78.65 76.34 (1) The DAX is a continuously updated, capital-weighted performance
index of 30 German blue chip companies. In principle, the shares included in the DAX are selected on the basis of their stock exchange turnover and the issuer’s free-float market capitalization. Adjustments to the DAX are made for capital
changes, subscription rights and dividends. 90 Table of Contents On March 11, 2016, the closing sales price per ordinary share on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra Trading
System) was € 69.97 and the closing sales price per ADR on the NYSE was US $78.65, as reported by Reuters. ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION Organization and Register SAP SE is a European Company (Societas Europaea, or “SE”) organized in the Federal Republic of Germany under German and European law, including Council
Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 on the Statute for a European Company (the “SE Regulation”), the German Act on the Implementation of Council Regulation No. 2157/2001 of October 8, 2001 on the Statute for a European Company
(Gesetz zur Ausführung der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2157/2001 des Rates vom 8. Oktober 2001 über das Statut der Europäischen Gesellschaft (SE) – SE-Ausführungsgesetz; “SE-AG”) of December 22, 2004, and the
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). SAP SE is registered in the Commercial Register (Handelsregister) at the Lower Court of Mannheim, Germany, under the entry number “HRB 719915.” SAP SE publishes its official notices in the
Federal Gazette (www.bundesanzeiger.de). Objects and Purposes SAP’s Articles of Incorporation state that our objects involve, directly or indirectly, the development, production and marketing of products and the provision of services in the field of information
technology, including: – developing and marketing integrated product and service solutions for e-commerce; – developing software for information technology and the licensing of its use to others; – organization and deployment consulting, as well as user training, for e-commerce and other software solutions; – selling, leasing, renting and arranging the procurement and provision of all other forms of use of information technology systems and related equipment; and – making capital investments in enterprises active in the field of information technology to promote the opening and advancement of international markets in the
field of information technology. SAP is authorized to act in all the business areas listed above and to delegate such activities to
affiliated entities within the meaning of the German Stock Corporation Act; in particular SAP is authorized to delegate its business in whole or in part to such entities. SAP SE is authorized to establish branch offices in Germany and other
countries, as well as to form, acquire or invest in other companies of the same or related kind and to enter into collaboration and joint venture agreements. SAP is further authorized to invest in enterprises of all kinds principally for investment purposes. SAP is authorized to dispose of investments,
to consolidate the management of enterprises in which it participates, to enter into affiliation agreements with such entities, or to limit its activities to manage its shareholdings. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Introduction SAP SE, as a European Company with a two-tier board system, is governed by three separate bodies: the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board and the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders. Their rules are defined by European and German law, by the Agreement on the Involvement of Employees in SAP SE (“Employee Involvement Agreement”, or “EIA”), by the German Corporate Governance Code and by
SAP’s Articles of Incorporation (Satzung) and are summarized below. See “Item 16G. Differences in Corporate Governance Practices” for additional information on our corporate governance practices. The Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board appoints and
removes the members of the Executive Board and oversees and advises the management of the corporation. At regular intervals it meets to discuss current business as well as business development and planning. The SAP Executive Board must consult with
the Supervisory Board concerning the corporate strategy, which is developed by the Executive Board. Types of transactions for which the Executive Board requires the Supervisory Board’s consent are listed in the Articles of Incorporation; in
addition, the Supervisory Board has specified further types of transactions that require its consent. Accordingly, the Supervisory Board must also approve the annual budget of SAP upon submission by the Executive Board and certain subsequent
deviations from the approved budget. The Supervisory Board is also responsible for representing SAP SE in transactions between SAP SE and Executive Board members. The Supervisory Board, based on a recommendation by its Audit Committee, provides its proposal for the election of the external independent auditor to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The Supervisory
Board is also responsible for monitoring the auditor’s independence, a task it has delegated to its audit committee. Pursuant to Article 40
(3) sentence 1 of the SE Regulation, the number of members of the supervisory board and the rules for determining this number are to be laid down in the articles of incorporation. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 17 (1) SE-AG, the
size of supervisory boards of companies which, like SAP SE, have a capital stock exceeding € 10,000,000, is limited 91 Table of Contents to 21 members. Moreover, the number of members must be divisible by three. In line with these provisions as well as the EIA, the Articles of Incorporation of SAP SE provide that the Supervisory
Board shall be composed of 18 members. Furthermore, it is provided in the EIA that the shareholders of SAP SE have the possibility to reduce the size of the Supervisory Board in the future (i.e. at the earliest in the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders in 2018, with effect from the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2019) to 12 members. The current Supervisory Board of SAP SE
consists of eighteen members, of which nine members were elected by SAP SE’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2014, and nine members were appointed by the SAP SE Works Council Europe in 2015. The term of office of
all eighteen members will end upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2015. The procedure for the appointment of the
employees’ representatives on the Supervisory Board of SAP SE is governed by the EIA. In accordance with the EIA, the nine seats on the first Supervisory Board reserved for employees’ representatives were allocated as follows: the first
six seats were allocated to Germany, the seventh seat was allocated to France, the eighth seat was also allocated to Germany, and the ninth seat was allocated to a European country not represented by the first eight seats, as determined by the SAP
SE Works Council Europe. The employees’ representatives for the first six seats allocated to Germany were determined by direct vote by all SAP employees with their principal place of employment in Germany. The employees’ representative for
the seventh seat allocated to France was determined according to the applicable provisions of French law on the election or appointment of employees’ representatives on a supervisory board. With regard to the eighth and ninth seat, members of
the SAP SE Works Council Europe from Germany and Slovakia were appointed by the SE Works Council as employees’ representatives. Any Supervisory
Board member elected by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders may be removed by three-quarters of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Any Supervisory Board member appointed in accordance with the
EIA may be removed by the SAP SE Works Council Europe upon application by the body that nominated the respective employees’ representative for appointment by the SE Works Council or, in case the employees’ representative was directly
elected, the majority of the employees entitled to vote. The Supervisory Board elects a chairperson and one or two deputy chairperson(s) among its
members by a majority of the votes cast. Only a shareholders’ representative may be elected as chairperson of the Supervisory Board. When electing the chairperson of the Supervisory Board, the oldest member in terms of age of the shareholders’
representatives on the Supervisory Board will chair the meeting and, in the event of a tied vote, will have the casting vote. Unless otherwise
mandatorily prescribed by law or the Articles of Incorporation, resolutions of the Supervisory Board are adopted by simple majority of the votes cast. In the event of a tie, the vote of the chairperson and, in the event that the chairperson does not
participate in passing the resolution, the vote of the deputy chairperson, provided that he or she is a shareholders’ representative, will be decisive (casting vote). The members of the Supervisory Board cannot be elected or appointed, as the case may be, for a term longer than six years. Other than for the employees’ representatives on the first Supervisory Board of SAP
SE, the term expires at the close of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders giving its formal approval of the acts of the Supervisory Board for the fourth fiscal year following the year in which the term of office of the Supervisory Board
members commenced. Re-election is possible. Our Supervisory Board normally meets four times a year. The compensation of the members of the Supervisory Board is set in the Articles of Incorporation. As stipulated in the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), an adequate number of our Supervisory Board members are independent. To be considered for appointment
to the Supervisory Board and for as long as they serve, members must comply with certain criteria concerning independence, conflicts of interest and multiple memberships of management, supervisory and other governing bodies. They must be loyal to
SAP in their conduct and must not accept any position in companies that are in competition with SAP. Members are subject to insider trading prohibitions and the respective directors’ dealing rules of the German Securities Trading Act. A member
of the Supervisory Board may not vote on matters relating to certain contractual agreements between such member and SAP SE. Further, as the compensation of the Supervisory Board members is set in the Articles of Incorporation, Supervisory Board
members are unable to vote on their own compensation, with the exception that they are able to exercise voting rights in a General Meeting of Shareholders in connection with a resolution amending the Articles of Incorporation. The Supervisory Board may appoint committees from among its members and may, to the extent permitted by law, entrust such committees with the authority to make
decisions on behalf of the Supervisory Board. Currently the Supervisory Board maintains the following committees: 92 Table of Contents The Audit Committee The focus of the Audit Committee (Prüfungsausschuss) is the oversight of SAP’s external financial reporting as well as SAP’s risk management, internal controls (including internal controls over the
effectiveness of the financial reporting process), corporate audit and compliance matters. According to German Law SAP’s Audit Committee includes at least one independent member with specialist expertise in the fields of financial reporting or
auditing. Among the tasks of the Audit Committee are the discussion of SAP’s quarterly and year end financial reporting prepared under German and U.S. regulations, including this report. The Audit Committee proposes the appointment of the
external independent auditor to the Supervisory Board, determines focus audit areas, discusses critical accounting policies and estimates with and reviews the audit reports issued and audit issues identified by the auditor. The audit committee also
negotiates the audit fees with the auditor and monitors the auditor’s independence and quality. SAP’s Corporate Audit, SAP’s Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity and SAP’s Risk Management Office report upon request or at the
occurrence of certain findings, but in any case at least once a year (Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity and Risk Management Office) or twice a year (Corporate Audit), directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has established procedures regarding the prior approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by our external independent auditor. See
“Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services” for details. The Supervisory Board has determined Erhard Schipporeit to be an audit
committee financial expert as defined by the regulations of the SEC issued under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as well as an independent financial expert as defined by the German Stock Corporation Act. See “Item 16A. Audit
Committee Financial Expert” for details. He is also the chairperson of the Audit Committee. The General and Compensation
Committee The General and Compensation Committee (Präsidial- und Personalausschuss) coordinates the work of the Supervisory Board, prepares its
meetings and deals with corporate governance issues. In addition, it carries out the preparatory work necessary for the personnel decisions made by the Supervisory Board, notably those concerning compensation for the Executive Board members and the
conclusion, amendment and termination of the Executive Board members’ contracts of appointment. The German Stock Corporation Act prohibits the
Compensation Committee from deciding on the compensation of the Executive Board members on behalf of the Supervisory Board and requires that such decision is made by the entire Supervisory Board. This Act also provides the General Meeting
of Shareholders with the right to vote on the system for the compensation of Executive Board members, such vote, however, not being legally binding for the Supervisory Board. The Finance and Investment Committee The Finance and Investment Committee (Finanz- und
Investitionsausschuss) addresses general financing issues. Furthermore, it regularly discusses acquisitions of intellectual property and companies, venture capital investments and other investments with the Executive Board and reports to the
Supervisory Board on such investments. It is also responsible for the approval of such investments if the individual investment amount exceeds certain specified limits. The Technology and Strategy Committee The Technology and Strategy Committee (Technologie-und
Strategieausschuss) monitors technology transactions and provides the Supervisory Board with in-depth technical advice. The
Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee (Nominierungsausschuss) is exclusively composed of shareholder representatives and is responsible for
identifying suitable candidates for membership of the Supervisory Board for recommendation to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The Special Committee The Special Committee
(Sonderausschuss) deliberates on matters arising out of substantial exceptional risks, such as major litigations. The People and
Organization Committee The People and Organization Committee (Ausschuss für Mitarbeiter- und Organisationsangelegenheiten) deliberates and
advises the Executive and Supervisory Board on key personnel matters and major organizational changes below the Executive Board and Global Managing Board level as well as equal opportunities for women at SAP. The duties and procedures of the Supervisory Board and its committees are specified in their respective rules of procedure, if any, which reflect the requirements
of European and German law, including the SE Regulation and the German Stock Corporation Act, the Articles of Incorporation and the recommendations of the GCGC. According to the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SAP does not grant loans to the members of the Executive Board or the Supervisory Board. 93 Table of Contents The Executive Board The Executive Board manages the Company’s business, is responsible for preparing its strategy and represents it in dealings with third parties. The Executive Board reports regularly to the Supervisory Board
about SAP operations and business strategies and prepares special reports upon request. A person may not serve on the Executive Board and on the Supervisory Board at the same time. The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board cooperate closely for the benefit of the Company. The Executive Board is required to provide the Supervisory Board regular, prompt and comprehensive information about
all of the essential issues affecting the SAP Group’s business progress and its potential business risks. Furthermore, the Executive Board must maintain regular contact with the chairperson of the Supervisory Board and vice versa. The Executive
Board must inform the chairperson of the Supervisory Board promptly about exceptional events that are of significance to SAP’s business. The Supervisory Board chairperson must inform the Supervisory Board accordingly and shall, if required,
convene an extraordinary meeting of the Supervisory Board. Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation, the Executive Board must consist of at least two
members. SAP SE’s Executive Board is currently comprised of six members. Any two members of the Executive Board jointly or one member of the Executive Board and the holder of a special power of attorney (Prokurist) jointly may legally represent
SAP SE. The Supervisory Board appoints each member of the Executive Board for a maximum term of five years, with the possibility of re-appointment. Under certain circumstances, a member of the Executive Board may be removed by the Supervisory Board
prior to the expiration of that member’s term. A member of the Executive Board may not vote on matters relating to certain contractual agreements between such member and SAP SE, and may be liable to SAP SE if such member has a material interest
in any contractual agreement between SAP and a third party which was not previously disclosed to and approved by the Supervisory Board. Further, as the compensation of the Executive Board members is set by the Supervisory Board, Executive Board
members are unable to vote on their own compensation, with the exception that they are able to exercise voting rights in a General Meeting of Shareholders resolving a non-binding vote on the system for the compensation of Executive Board members. Under German law SAP SE’s Supervisory Board members and Executive Board members have a duty of loyalty and care towards SAP SE. They must exercise
the standard of care of a prudent and diligent businessman and bear the burden of proving they did so if their actions are contested. Both bodies must consider the interest of SAP SE shareholders and our employees and, to some extent, the common good. Those who violate their duties may be held jointly and
severally liable for any resulting damages, unless they acted pursuant to a lawful resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. SAP has
implemented a Code of Business Conduct for employees (see “Item 16B. Code of Ethics” for details). The employee code is equally applicable to managers and members of the Executive Board. Its rules are observed as well by members of the
Supervisory board as applicable. Under German law the Executive Board of SAP SE has to assess all major risks for the SAP Group. In addition, all
measures taken by management to reduce and handle the risks have to be documented. Therefore, SAP’s management has adopted suitable measures such as implementing an enterprise-wide risk monitoring system to ensure that adverse developments
endangering the corporate standing are recognized at a reasonably early point in time. The Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity was created by the
SAP Executive Board in 2006 to oversee and coordinate legal and regulatory policy compliance at SAP. The Chief Global Compliance Officer heading the Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity directly reports to the CFO of SAP SE and also has direct
communication channels and reporting obligations to the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity manages a network of more than 100 local subsidiary Compliance Officers who act as the point of contact
for local questions or issues under the SAP Code of Business Conduct for employees. The Office of Legal Compliance and Integrity provides training and communication to SAP employees to raise awareness and understanding of legal and regulatory
compliance policies. Employee help lines are also supported in each region where questions can be raised or questionable conduct can be reported without fear of retaliation. The Global Managing Board In May 2012, SAP created a Global Managing Board in addition to the SAP Executive
Board, which retains ultimate responsibility for overseeing and deciding on the activities of the company. The Global Managing Board allows SAP to appoint a broader range of global leaders to help steer the organization. The Global Managing Board
has advisory and decision-supporting functions for the Executive Board and comprises all Executive Board members as well as Helen Arnold, Quentin Clark, Stefan Ries and Steve Singh. 94 Table of Contents The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Shareholders of the Company exercise their voting rights at shareholders’ meetings. The Executive Board calls the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which must take place within the first six months of
each fiscal year. The Supervisory Board or the Executive Board may call an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders if the interests of the stock corporation so require. Additionally, shareholders of SAP SE holding in the aggregate a minimum of 5%
of SAP SE’s issued share capital may call an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders. Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to attend and participate in shareholders’ meetings if they have provided timely notice of their
intention to attend the meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the shareholders are asked, among other things, to formally approve the
actions taken by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board in the preceding fiscal year, to approve the appropriation of the corporation’s distributable profits and to appoint an external independent auditor. Shareholder representatives of
the Supervisory Board are generally elected at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for a term of approximately five years. Shareholders may also be asked to grant authorization to repurchase treasury shares, to resolve on measures to raise or
reduce the capital of the Company or to ratify amendments of our Articles of Incorporation. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders can make management decisions only if requested to do so by the Executive Board. CHANGE IN CONTROL There are no
provisions in the Articles of Incorporation of SAP SE that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of SAP SE and that would only operate with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving
it or any of its subsidiaries. According to the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz) a bidder
seeking control of a company with its corporate seat in Germany or another state of the European Economic Area (EEA) and its shares being traded on an EEA stock exchange must publish an advance notice of its decision to make a tender offer, submit
an offer statement to the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for review, and obtain certification from a qualified financial institution that adequate financing is in place to complete the
offer. The offer statement must be published upon approval by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority or expiry of a certain time period without such publication being prohibited by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. Once a shareholder has acquired shares representing at least 30% of the voting rights in an EEA-listed company, it must make an offer for all remaining shares. The Securities
Acquisition and Takeover Act requires the executive board of the target company to refrain from taking any measures that may frustrate the success of the takeover offer. However, the target executive board is permitted to take any action that a
prudent and diligent management of a company that is not the target of a takeover bid would also take. Moreover, the target executive board may search for other bidders and, with the prior approval of the supervisory board, may take other defensive
measures, provided that both boards act within the parameters of their general authority under the German Stock Corporation Act. An executive board may also adopt specific defensive measures if such measures have been approved by the supervisory
board and were specifically authorized by the general shareholders’ meeting no earlier than 18 months in advance of such measures by a resolution of at least 75% of the shares represented. Under the European Takeover Directive of 2004 member states had to choose whether EU restrictions on defensive measures apply to companies that are registered in
their territory. Germany decided to opt out and to retain its current restrictions on a board implementing defensive measures (as described above). As required by the Directive if a country decides to opt out the German Securities Acquisition and
Takeover Act grants companies the option of voluntarily applying the European standard by a change of the Articles of Incorporation (opt-in). SAP SE has not made use of this option. CHANGE IN SHARE CAPITAL Under German law, the capital stock may be increased in
consideration of contributions in cash or in kind, or by establishing authorized capital or contingent capital or by an increase of the company’s capital reserves. Authorized capital provides the Executive Board with the flexibility to issue
new shares for a period of up to five years. The Executive Board must obtain the approval of the Supervisory Board before issuing new shares with regard to the authorized capital. Contingent capital allows the issuance of new shares for specified
purposes, including stock option plans for Executive Board members or employees and the issuance of shares upon conversion of convertible bonds and exercise of stock options. By law, the Executive Board may only issue new shares with regard to the
contingent capital for the specified purposes. Capital increases require an approval by at least 75% of the valid votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders in which the increase is proposed, and requires an amendment to the Articles of
Incorporation. 95 Table of Contents The share capital may be reduced by an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation approved by at least 75% of the
valid votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders. In addition, the Executive Board of SAP SE is allowed to authorize a reduction of the company’s capital stock by canceling a defined number of repurchased treasury shares if this
repurchasing and the subsequent reduction have already been approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Articles of Incorporation do not
contain conditions regarding changes in the share capital that are more stringent than those provided by applicable European and German law. RIGHTS ACCOMPANYING OUR SHARES There are no limitations imposed by German law or the Articles of Incorporation of SAP SE on the rights to own
securities, including the rights of non-residents or foreign holders to hold the ADRs or ordinary shares, to exercise voting rights or to receive dividends or other payments on such shares. According to the German stock corporation law, the rights of shareholders cannot be amended without shareholders’ consent. The Articles of Incorporation do not provide more stringent conditions regarding
changes of the rights of shareholders than those provided by applicable European and German law. Voting Rights Each ordinary SAP SE share represents one vote. Cumulative voting is not permitted under applicable European and German law. A corporation’s articles of
incorporation may stipulate a majority necessary to pass a shareholders’ resolution differing from the majority provided by law, unless the law mandatorily requires a certain majority. Section 21 (1) of SAP SE’s Articles of
Incorporation provides that resolutions may be passed at the General Meeting of Shareholders with a majority of valid votes cast, unless a larger majority is prescribed by law or the Articles of Incorporation. SAP SE’s Articles of Incorporation
as well as applicable European and German law require that the following matters, among others, be approved by at least 75% of the valid votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders in which the matter is proposed: – changing the corporate purpose of the company set out in the Articles of Incorporation; – capital increases and capital decreases; – excluding preemptive rights of shareholders to subscribe for new shares or for treasury shares; – dissolution; – a merger into, or a consolidation with, another company; – a transfer of all or virtually all of the assets; – a change of corporate form, including re-conversion into a German stock corporation; – a transfer of the registered seat to another EU member state; and – any other amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (pursuant to section 21 (2) sentence 1 of the Articles of Incorporation). For any amendments of the
Articles of Incorporation which require a simple majority for stock corporations established under German law, however, section 21 (2) sentence 2 of SAP SE’s Articles of Incorporation provides that the simple majority of the valid votes
cast is sufficient if at least half of the subscribed capital is represented or, in the absence of such quorum, the majority prescribed by law (i.e. two thirds of the votes cast, pursuant to sec. 59 of the SE Regulation) is sufficient. Dividend Rights See
“Item 3. Key Information – Dividends.” Preemptive Rights Shareholders have preemptive rights to subscribe (Bezugsrecht) for any issue of additional shares in proportion to their shareholdings in the issued capital. The preemptive rights may be excluded under certain
circumstances by a shareholders’ resolution (approved by at least 75% of the valid votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders) or by the Executive Board authorized by such shareholders’ resolutions and subject to the consent of the
Supervisory Board. Liquidation If SAP SE were
to be liquidated, any liquidation proceeds remaining after all of our liabilities were paid would be distributed to our shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings. Disclosure of Shareholdings SAP SE’s Articles of Incorporation do not require shareholders to disclose
their share holdings. The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), however, requires holders of voting securities of SAP SE to notify SAP SE and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority of the number of shares they hold if that
number reaches, exceeds or falls below specified thresholds. These thresholds are 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 50% and 75% of the corporation’s outstanding voting rights. In respect of certificates representing shares, the notification
requirement shall apply exclusively to the holder of the certificates. In addition, the German Securities Trading Act also obliges anyone who holds, directly or indirectly, financial instruments that convey an unconditional entitlement to acquire
under a legally binding agreement, shares in SAP SE, to notify SAP SE and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority if the thresholds mentioned above have been reached, exceeded or fallen 96 Table of Contents below, with the exception of the 3% threshold. This notification obligation also exists for the holder of a financial instrument which merely de facto enables its holder or a third party to
acquire shares in SAP SE, subject to the thresholds mentioned in the preceding sentence. In connection with this notification obligation positions in voting rights and other financial instruments have to be aggregated. Exchange Controls and Other Limitations Affecting Security Holders The euro is a fully convertible currency. At the present time, Germany does not restrict the export or import of capital, except for investments in certain areas in accordance with applicable resolutions adopted by
the United Nations and the European Union. However, for statistical purposes only, every individual or corporation residing in Germany (“Resident”) must report to the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), subject only to certain
immaterial exceptions, any payment received from or made to an individual or a corporation residing outside of Germany (“Non-Resident”) if such payment exceeds € 12,500 (or the equivalent in a foreign currency). In addition, German Residents (except for individuals and certain financial institutions) must report any accounts payable to or receivable from
Non-Residents if such payables or receivables, in the aggregate, exceed € 5 million (or the equivalent in a foreign currency) at the
end of any calendar month. Furthermore, companies resident in Germany with accounts payable to or receivable from Non-Residents in excess of € 500 million have to report any payables or receivables to/from Non-Residents arising from derivative instruments at the end of each
calendar quarter. Residents are also required to report annually to the German Central Bank any shares or voting rights of 10% or more which they hold directly or indirectly in non-resident corporations with total assets of more than € 3 million. Corporations residing in Germany with assets in excess of € 3 million must report annually to the German Central Bank any shares or voting rights of 10% or more held directly or indirectly by a Non-Resident. TAXATION General The following discussion is a summary of certain material German tax and U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and
disposition of our ADRs or ordinary shares to a U.S. Holder. In general, a U.S. Holder (as hereinafter defined) is any beneficial owner of our ADRs or ordinary shares that (i) is a citizen or resident of the U.S. or a corporation organized
under the laws of the U.S. or any political subdivision thereof, an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source or a trust, if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or
more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (ii) is not a resident of Germany for purposes of the income tax treaty between the U.S. and Germany (Convention between the Federal Republic of Germany and the
United States of America for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and Capital and to certain other Taxes, as amended by the Protocol of June 1, 2006 and as published in the German
Federal Law Gazette 2008 vol. II pp. 611/851; the “Treaty”); (iii) owns the ADRs or ordinary shares as capital assets; (iv) does not hold the ADRs or ordinary shares as part of the business property of a permanent establishment
or a fixed base in Germany; and (v) is fully entitled to the benefits under the Treaty with respect to income and gain derived in connection with the ADRs or ordinary shares. THE FOLLOWING IS NOT A COMPREHENSIVE DISCUSSION OF ALL GERMAN TAX AND U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY BE RELEVANT FOR U.S. HOLDERS OF OUR ADRs OR ORDINARY SHARES. THEREFORE, U.S. HOLDERS ARE STRONGLY
URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE OVERALL GERMAN TAX AND U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR ADRs OR ORDINARY SHARES IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING THE
EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER FOREIGN OR DOMESTIC LAWS. German Taxation The summary set out below is based on German tax laws, interpretations thereof and applicable tax treaties to which Germany is a party and that are in force at the date of this report; it is subject to any changes
in such authority occurring after that date, potentially with retroactive effect, that could result in German tax consequences different from those discussed below. This discussion is also based, in part, on representations of the Depositary and
assumes that each obligation of the Deposit Agreement and any related agreements will be performed in accordance with its terms. For additional information on the Depository and the fees associated with SAP’s ADR program see “Item 12.
Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities – American Depository Shares.” For purposes of applying German tax law and the
applicable tax treaties to which Germany is a party, a holder of ADRs will generally be treated as owning the ordinary shares represented thereby. German Taxation of Dividends Under German income tax law, the full amount of dividends
distributed by an incorporated company is generally subject to German withholding tax at a 97 Table of Contents domestic rate of 25% plus a solidarity surtax of 5.5% thereon (effectively 1.375% of dividends before withholding tax), resulting in an aggregate withholding tax rate from dividends of 26.375%.
Non-resident corporate shareholders will generally be entitled to a refund in the amount of two-fifths of the withholding tax (including solidarity surtax). This does not preclude a further reduction or refund of withholding tax, if any, available
under a relevant tax treaty. Generally, for many non-resident shareholders the withholding tax rate is currently reduced under applicable income tax
treaties. Rates and refund procedures may vary according to the applicable treaty. To reduce the withholding tax to the applicable treaty tax rate a non-resident shareholder must apply for a refund of withholding taxes paid. Claims for refund, if
any, are made on a special German claim for refund form, which must be filed with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern, D-53221 Bonn, Germany; http://www.bzst.de). The relevant forms can be obtained from the German
Federal Tax Office or from German embassies and consulates. For details, such non-resident shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors. Special rules apply for the refund to U.S. Holders (we refer to the below section “Refund
Procedures for U.S. Holders”). Refund Procedures for U.S. Holders Under the Treaty, a partial refund of the 25% withholding tax equal to 10% of the gross amount of the dividend and a full refund of the solidarity surtax can be obtained by a U.S. Holder. Thus, for each US$100 of
gross dividends paid by SAP SE to a U.S. Holder, the dividends (which are dependent on the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment) will be initially subject to a German withholding tax of US$26.375, of which US$11.375 may be refunded under
the Treaty. As a result, a U.S. Holder effectively would receive a total dividend of US$85 (provided the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment of the dividend is the same as at the time of refund, otherwise the effective dividend may be
higher or lower). Further relief of German withholding tax under the Treaty may be available for corporate U.S. Holders owning at least 10% of the voting stock of SAP or U.S. Holders qualifying as pension fund within the meaning of the Treaty,
subject to further requirements being met. To claim the refund of amounts withheld in excess of the Treaty rate, a U.S. Holder must submit (either
directly or, as described below, through the Data Medium Procedure participant) a claim for refund to the German tax authorities, with, in the case of a direct claim, the original bank voucher (or certified copy thereof) issued by the paying entity
documenting the tax withheld, within four years from the end of the calendar year in which the dividend is received. Claims for refund are made on a special German claim for refund form, which must be filed with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern, D-53221 Bonn, Germany). The German claim for refund form may be
obtained from the German tax authorities at the same address where applications are filed, from the Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany, 4645 Reservoir Road NW, Washington, DC 20007, or can be downloaded from the homepage of the German
Federal Tax Office (http://www.bzst.de). U.S. Holders must also submit to the German tax authorities a certification of their U.S. residency status
(IRS Form 6166). This certification can be obtained from the Internal Revenue Service by filing a request for certification (generally on an IRS Form 8802, which will not be processed unless a user fee is paid) with the Internal Revenue Service,
P.O. Box 71052, Philadelphia, PA 19176-6052. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how to obtain an IRS Form 6166. An
IT-supported quick-refund procedure is available for dividends received (the “Data Medium Procedure – DMP”). If the U.S. Holder’s bank or broker elects to participate in the DMP, it will perform administrative functions necessary
to claim the Treaty refund for the beneficiaries. The refund beneficiaries must confirm to the DMP participant that they meet the conditions of the Treaty provisions and that they authorize the DMP participant to file applications and receive
notices and payments on their behalf. Further each refund beneficiary must confirm that (i) it is the beneficial owner of the dividends received; (ii) it is resident in the U.S. in the meaning of the Treaty; (iii) it does not have its
domicile, residence or place of management in Germany; (iv) the dividends received do not form part of a permanent establishment or fixed base in Germany; and (v) it commits, due to its participation in the DMP, not to claim separately for
refund. The beneficiaries also must provide an IRS Form 6166 certification with the DMP participant. The DMP participant is required to keep these
documents in its files and prepare and file a combined claim for refund with the German tax authorities by electronic media. The combined claim provides evidence of a U.S. Holder’s personal data including its U.S. Tax Identification Number. The German tax authorities reserve the right to audit the entitlement to tax refunds for several years following their payment pursuant to the Treaty
in individual cases. The DMP participant must assist with the audit by providing the necessary details or by forwarding the queries to the respective refund beneficiaries. 98 Table of Contents The German tax authorities will issue refunds denominated in euros. In the case of shares held through banks or
brokers participating in the Depository, the refunds will be issued to the Depository, which will convert the refunds to dollars. The resulting amounts will be paid to banks or brokers for the account of the U.S. Holders. German Taxation of Capital Gains Under
German income tax law, a capital gain derived from the sale or other disposition of ADRs or ordinary shares by a non-resident shareholder is subject to income tax in Germany only if such non-resident shareholder has held, directly or indirectly,
ADRs or ordinary shares representing 1% or more of the registered share capital of a company at any time during the five-year period immediately preceding the sale or other disposition. However, a U.S. Holder of ADRs or ordinary shares that qualifies for benefits under the Treaty is not subject to German income or corporate income tax on the capital gain derived from the sale or other disposition
of ADRs or ordinary shares. German Gift and Inheritance Tax Generally, a transfer of ADRs or ordinary shares by a shareholder at death or by way of gift will be subject to German gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if (i) the decedent or donor, or the heir, donee or
other transferee is resident in Germany at the time of the transfer, or with respect to German citizens who are not resident in Germany, if the decedent or donor, or the heir, donee or other transferee has not been continuously outside of Germany
for a period of more than five years; (ii) the ADRs or ordinary shares are part of the business property of a permanent establishment or a fixed base in Germany; or (iii) the ADRs or ordinary shares subject to such transfer form part of a
portfolio that represents 10% or more of the registered share capital of the Company and has been held, directly or indirectly, by the decedent or donor, respectively, at the time of the transfer, actually or constructively together with related
parties. However, the right of the German government to impose gift or inheritance tax on a non-resident shareholder may be limited by an applicable
estate tax treaty. In the case of a U.S. Holder, a transfer of ADRs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder at death or by way of gift generally will not be subject to German gift or inheritance tax by reason of the estate tax treaty between the U.S.
and Germany (Convention between the Federal Republic of Germany and the United States of America for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Estate, Gift and Inheritance Taxes, German Federal Law Gazette 1982 vol. II page 846, as amended by
the Protocol of December 14, 1998 and as published on December 21, 2000, German Federal Law Gazette 2001 vol. II, page 65; the “Estate Tax Treaty”) so long as the decedent or donor, or the
heir, donee or other transferee was not domiciled in Germany for purposes of the Estate Tax Treaty at the time the gift was made, or at the time of the decedent’s death, and the ADRs or ordinary shares were not held in connection with a
permanent establishment or a fixed base in Germany. In general, the Estate Tax Treaty provides a credit against the U.S. federal gift or estate tax liability for the amount of gift or inheritance tax paid in Germany, subject to certain limitations,
in a case where the ADRs or ordinary shares are subject to German gift or inheritance tax and U.S. federal gift or estate tax. Other
German Taxes There are currently no German net worth, transfer, stamp or other similar taxes that would apply to a U.S. Holder on the acquisition,
ownership, sale or other disposition of our ADRs or ordinary shares. U.S. Taxation The following discussion applies to U.S. Holders only if the ADRs and ordinary shares are held as capital assets for tax purposes. It does not address tax considerations applicable to U.S. Holders that may be
subject to special tax rules, such as dealers or traders in securities, financial institutions, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, regulated investment companies, U.S. Holders that hold ordinary shares or ADRs as a part of a straddle,
conversion transaction or other arrangement involving more than one position, U.S. Holders that own (or are deemed for U.S. tax purposes to own) 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of voting stock of SAP SE, U.S. Holders
that have a principal place of business or “tax home” outside the United States or U.S. Holders whose “functional currency” is not the dollar and U.S. Holders that hold ADRs or ordinary shares through partnerships or other
pass-through entities. The summary set out below is based upon the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the Treaty
and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions thereunder at the date of this report. Any such authority may be repealed, revoked or modified, potentially with retroactive effect, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different
from those discussed below. No assurance can be given that the conclusions set out below would be sustained by a court if challenged by the IRS. The discussion below is based, in part, on representations of the Depositary, and assumes that each
obligation in the Deposit Agreement and any related agreements will be performed in accordance with its terms. 99 Table of Contents For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of ADRs will be considered to own the ordinary shares represented
thereby. Accordingly, unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to ordinary shares are deemed to refer likewise to ADRs representing an ownership interest in ordinary shares. U.S. Taxation of Dividends Subject to the
discussion below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations”, distributions made by SAP SE with respect to ordinary shares (other than distributions in liquidation and certain distributions in redemption of stock), including
the amount of German tax deemed to have been withheld in respect of such distributions, will generally be taxed to U.S. Holders as ordinary dividend income. As discussed above, a U.S. Holder may obtain a refund of German withholding tax under the Treaty to the extent that the German withholding tax exceeds 15% of the dividend distributed. Thus, for each US$100 of gross
dividends paid by SAP SE to a U.S. Holder, the dividends (which are dependent on the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment) will be initially subject to German withholding tax of US$25 plus US$1.375 solidarity surtax, and the U.S. Holder
will receive US$73.625. A U.S. Holder who obtains the Treaty refund will receive from the German tax authorities an additional amount in euro that would be equal to US$11.375. For U.S. tax purposes, such U.S. Holder will be considered to have
received a total distribution of US$100, which will be deemed to have been subject to German withholding tax of US$15 (15% of US$100) resulting in the net receipt of US$85 (provided the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment of the
dividend is the same as at the time of refund, otherwise the effective dividend may be higher or lower). In the case of a distribution in euro, the
amount of the distribution generally will equal the dollar value of the euro distributed (determined by reference to the spot currency exchange rate on the date of receipt of the distribution, or receipt by the Depositary in the case of a
distribution on ADRs), regardless of whether the holder in fact converts the euro into dollars, and the U.S. Holder will not realize any separate foreign currency gain or loss (except to the extent that such gain or loss arises on the actual
disposition of foreign currency received). However, a U.S. Holder may be required to recognize foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of a refund in respect of German withholding tax to the extent the U.S. dollar value of the refund differs
from the U.S. dollar equivalent of that amount on the date of receipt of the underlying dividend. Dividends paid by SAP SE generally will constitute
“portfolio income” for purposes of the limitations on the use of passive activity losses (and, therefore, generally may not be offset by passive activity losses) and as “investment income” for purposes of the limitation on the deduction of
investment interest expense. Dividends paid by SAP SE will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to U.S. corporations under Section 243 of the Code. Dividends paid by SAP SE to an individual are treated as
“qualified dividends” subject to capital gains rates, i.e. at a maximum rate of 20%, if SAP SE was not in the prior year and, is not in the year in which the dividend is paid, a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”). Based
on our audited financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we believe that we were not treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income taxes with respect to our 2015 tax year. In addition, based on our audited financial statements and
our current expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for the 2016 tax year. With the enactment of The Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, certain US holders who are individuals, trusts, or estates, must pay a Medicare tax at a rate of 3.8% on the lesser of (i) net investment income such as dividends and (ii) the excess of modified
adjusted gross income over the statutory thresholds. U.S. Taxation of Capital Gains In general, assuming that SAP SE at no time is a PFIC, upon a sale or exchange of ordinary shares to a person other than SAP SE, a U.S. Holder will recognize gain
or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale or exchange and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ordinary shares. Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss and will be considered a
long-term capital gain (taxable at a reduced rate for individuals) if the ordinary shares were held for more than one year. Capital gains may also be subject to the Medicare tax at a rate of 3.8%. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to
significant limitations. Upon a sale of ordinary shares to SAP SE, a U.S. Holder may recognize a capital gain or loss or, alternatively, may be considered to have received a distribution with respect to the ordinary shares, in each case depending
upon the application to such sale of the rules of Section 302 of the Code. Deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares in exchange for ADRs by a
U.S. Holder will not result in its realization of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Information Reporting and
Backup Withholding Dividend payments made to holders and proceeds paid from the sale of shares or ADRs are subject to information reporting to the
Internal Revenue Service and will be subject to backup withholding taxes 100 Table of Contents (currently imposed at a 28% rate) unless the holder (i) is a corporation or other exempt recipient or (ii) provides a taxpayer identification number on a properly completed IRS Form W-9
and certifies that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. Holders that are not U.S. persons are not subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, such a holder may be required to provide a certification of its
non-U.S. status in connection with payments received within the United States or through a U.S.-related financial intermediary. Backup withholding is
not an additional tax and any amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. A holder may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely
filing the appropriate claim for refund with the Internal Revenue Service and furnishing any required information. Shareholders may be subject to other
U.S. information reporting requirements and should consult their own tax advisors for application of these reporting requirements to their own facts and circumstances. U.S. Foreign Tax Credit In general, in computing its U.S. federal income tax liability, a U.S.
Holder may elect for each taxable year to claim a deduction or, subject to the limitations on foreign tax credits generally, a credit for foreign income taxes paid or accrued by it. For U.S. foreign tax credit purposes, subject to the applicable
limitations under the foreign tax credit rules, German tax withheld from dividends paid to a U.S. Holder, up to the 15% provided under the Treaty, will be eligible for credit against the U.S. Holder’s federal income tax liability or, if the
U.S. Holder has elected to deduct such taxes, may be deducted in computing taxable income. For U.S. foreign tax credit purposes, dividends paid by SAP
SE generally will be treated as foreign-source income and as “passive category income” (or in the case of certain holders, as “general category income”). Gains or losses realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale or exchange of
ordinary shares generally will be treated as U.S.-source gain or loss. Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations Special and adverse U.S. tax rules apply to a U.S. Holder that holds an interest in a passive foreign investment company (PFIC). Based on current
projections concerning the composition of SAP SE’s income and assets, SAP SE does not believe that it will be treated as a PFIC for its current or future taxable years. However, because this conclusion is based on our current projections and expectations as to its future business activity, SAP SE can provide no assurance that it will not be treated as a PFIC in respect
of its current or any future taxable years. MATERIAL CONTRACTS Concur Technologies, Inc. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan
of Merger dated as of September 18, 2014 by and among Concur Technologies, Inc., SAP America, Inc. and Congress Acquisition Corp., on December 4, 2014 SAP America acquired Concur, the leader in the multi-billion travel and expense
management software industry, for US$129.00 per share which represents an enterprise value of approximately US$8.3 billion. The transaction was funded primarily from a EUR 7.0 billion credit facility. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Liquidity and Capital Disclosures”, for information on our credit facilities. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In accordance with these requirements, we file reports and
furnish other information as a foreign private issuer with the SEC. These materials, including this report and the exhibits thereto, may be inspected and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains a Web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. This report as well as some of the other information submitted by us to the SEC may
be accessed through this Web site. In addition, information about us is available at our Web site: www.sap.com. ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to various financial risks, such as market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices, as well as
credit risk and liquidity risk. We manage these risks on a Group-wide basis. Selected derivatives are exclusively used for this purpose and not for speculation, which is defined as entering into derivative instruments without a corresponding
underlying transaction. Financial risk management is done centrally. See Notes (24), (25) and (26) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. 101 Table of Contents ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES Fees and Charges Payable by ADR Holders Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas is the Depositary for SAP SE’s ADR program. ADR holders may be required to pay the following charges: – taxes and other governmental charges; – registration fees as may be in effect from time to time for the registration of transfers of SAP ordinary shares on any applicable register to the Depositary or
its nominee or the custodian or its nominee in connection with deposits or withdrawals under the Deposit Agreement; – applicable air courier, cable, telex and facsimile expenses of the Depositary; – expenses incurred by the Depositary in the conversion of foreign currency; – US $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) to the Depositary for the execution and delivery of ADRs (including in connection with the depositing of SAP
ordinary shares or the exercising of rights) and the surrender of ADRs as well as for the distribution of other securities; – a maximum aggregate service fee of US $3.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) per calendar year to the Depositary for the services performed by the Depositary in
administering the ADR program, including for processing any cash dividends and other cash distributions; and – US $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) to the Depositary for distribution of securities other than SAP ordinary shares or rights. These fees may at any time and from time to time be changed by agreement between SAP SE and the Depositary. These charges are
described more fully in Section 5.9 of the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement dated as of November 25, 2009, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 18, 2016 and as may be further amended from time to time, incorporated by
reference as Exhibits 4.1.1 and 4.1.2 to this report. Applicable service fees are either deducted from any cash dividends or other cash distributions
or charged separately to holders in a manner determined by the Depositary, depending on whether ADSs are registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) or held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC). In the
case of distributions of securities other than SAP ordinary shares or rights, the Depositary charges the applicable ADS record date holder concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor,
whether certificated or in book entry form, the Depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. For ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts via DTC, the Depositary may, if permitted by the settlement systems provided by
DTC, collect the fees through those settlement systems from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in such case may in turn charge their
clients’ accounts the amount of the service fees paid to the Depositary. In the event of a refusal to pay applicable fees, the Depositary may
refuse the requested services until payment is received or may set off the amount of the service from any distribution to be made to the ADR holder, all in accordance with the Deposit Agreement. If any taxes or other governmental charges are payable by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the Depositary, the Depositary, the custodian or SAP may
withhold or deduct from any distributions made in respect of the deposited SAP ordinary share and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial owner any or all of the deposited ordinary shares and apply such distributions and sale
proceeds in payment of such taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any deficiency. Fees and Other Payments Payable by the Depositary to SAP In connection with the ADR program, the Depositary
has agreed to make certain payments to SAP and waive certain costs of providing ADR administrative and reporting services, including reporting of ADR program activity, distribution of information to investors, managing the ADR program, including ADR
processing activities and corporate actions, ADR broker desk services and ADR investor relations services, including production of investor targeting, peer analysis, shareholder identification reports and market perception studies. For the period
beginning November 25, 2014 and ending November 24, 2015, the Depositary has made direct and indirect payments to SAP in an aggregate amount of US $1,287,940.78 related to the ADR program. In 2015, the Depositary agreed to reimburse up to
US $25,000 in legal fees associated with the cost of renewal of the ADR program. 102 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES None. ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE
OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures of SAP that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by SAP in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by SAP in the reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to SAP management, including SAP’s principal executive and financial officers (i.e. SAP’s chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO)), or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. SAP’s management evaluated, with the participation of SAP’s CEO and CFO the effectiveness of SAP’s disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 31, 2015. The evaluation was led by SAP’s Global Governance Risk & Compliance function, including dedicated “SOX Champions” in all of SAP’s major entities and business units with the
participation of process owners, SAP’s key corporate senior management, senior management of each business group, and as indicated above under the supervision of SAP’s CEO and CFO. Based on the foregoing, SAP’s management, including
SAP’s CEO and CFO, concluded that as of December 
31, 2015, SAP’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of SAP is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. SAP’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of SAP’s CEO and CFO to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. SAP’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)”. Based on
the assessment under these criteria, SAP management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2015, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. KPMG, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued its attestation report on the effectiveness of SAP’s internal control over financial reporting, which is included in Item 18. Financial
Statements, “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.” CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 
16. [RESERVED] ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT Our Supervisory Board has determined that Erhard Schipporeit is an “audit committee financial expert”, as defined by the regulations of the Commission
issued pursuant to Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and meeting the requirements of Item 16A. He is “independent”, as such term is defined in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS In 2003, SAP adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all employees (including all personnel in the accounting and controlling departments), managers and
the members of SAP’s Executive Board (including our CEO and CFO). Our Code of Business Conduct constitutes a “code of ethics” as defined in Item 16.B of Form 20-F. Our Code of Business Conduct sets standards for all dealings with
customers, partners, competitors and suppliers and includes, among others, regulations with regard to confidentiality, loyalty, preventing conflicts of interest, preventing bribery, and avoiding anti-competitive practices. International differences
in culture, language, and legal and social systems make the adoption of uniform Codes of 103 Table of Contents Business Conduct across an entire global company challenging. As a result, SAP has set forth a master code containing minimum standards. In turn, each company within the SAP Group has been
required to adopt a similar code that meets at least these minimum standards, but may also include additional or more stringent rules of conduct. Newly acquired companies also are required to meet the minimum standards set forth in the Code of
Business Conduct. Effective February 2012, SAP amended its Code of Business Conduct to address certain changes in bribery laws, and to update the intellectual property and non-retaliation provisions. We have made our amended Code of Business Conduct
publicly available by posting the full text on our Web site under http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/policies-statutes.epx. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES AUDIT FEES, AUDIT RELATED FEES, TAX FEES AND ALL OTHER FEES Refer to Note (31) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on fees charged by our independent registered public accounting
firm, KPMG, for audit services and other professional services. AUDIT COMMITTEE’S PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND
PROCEDURES As required under German law, our shareholders appoint our external independent auditors to audit our financial statements, based on a
proposal that is legally required to be submitted by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board’s proposal is based on a proposal by the Audit Committee. See also the description in “Item 10. Additional Information – Corporate
Governance.” In 2002 our Audit Committee adopted a policy with regard to the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services to be provided by our
external independent auditors. This policy, which is designed to assure that such engagements do not impair the independence of our auditors, was amended and expanded in 2003, 2007 and 2009 (changes in 2009 only related to information requirements).
The policy requires prior approval of the Audit Committee for all services to be provided by our external independent auditors for any entity of the SAP Group. With regard to non-audit services the policy distinguishes among three categories of
services: – (i) “Prohibited services:” This category includes services that our external independent auditors must not be engaged to perform. These are services
that are not permitted by applicable law or that would be inconsistent with maintaining the auditors’ independence. – (ii) “Services requiring universal approval:” Services of this category may be provided by our external independent auditors up to a certain aggregate
amount in fees per year that is determined by the Audit Committee. – (iii) “Services requiring individual approval:” Services of this category may only be provided by our external independent auditors if they have been
individually (specifically) pre-approved by the Audit Committee or an Audit Committee member who is authorized by the Audit Committee to make such approvals. Our Chief Accounting Officer or individuals empowered by him review all individual requests to engage our external independent auditors as a service provider in accordance with this policy and determines the
category to which the requested service belongs. All requests for engagements with expected fees over a specified limit are additionally reviewed by our CFO. Based on the determination of the category the request is (i) declined if it is a
“prohibited service,” (ii) approved if it is a “service requiring universal approval” and the maximum aggregate amount fixed by the Audit Committee has not been reached or (iii) forwarded to the Audit Committee for
individual approval if the “service requires individual approval” or is a “service requiring universal approval” and the maximum aggregate amount fixed by the Audit Committee has been exceeded. Our Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies also include information requirements to ensure the Audit Committee is kept aware of the volume of engagements
involving our external independent auditors that were not individually pre-approved by the Audit Committee itself. Substantially all of the work
performed to audit our Consolidated Financial Statements was performed by our principal accountant’s full-time, permanent employees. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act requires that all members of our audit
committee be independent, subject to certain exceptions. In accordance with German law, the Audit Committee consists of both employee and shareholder elected members. Rule 10A-3 provides an exception for an employee of a foreign private issuer such
as SAP who is not an executive officer of that issuer and who is elected to the supervisory board or audit committee of that issuer pursuant to the issuer’s governing law. In this case, the employee is exempt from the independence requirements
of Rule 10A-3 and is permitted to sit on the audit committee. 104 Table of Contents We rely on this exemption. Our Audit Committee includes two employees representatives, Panagiotis Bissiritsas and
Martin Duffek , who were appointed to our Supervisory Board pursuant to the Agreement on the Involvement of Employees in SAP SE (see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees.” for details). We believe that the reliance on this
exemption does not materially adversely affect the ability of our Audit Committee to act independently and to satisfy the other requirements of Rule 10A-3. ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 4, 2013, the Executive Board was authorized to acquire, on or before June 3, 2018, up to 120 million shares of SAP. The authorization from
June 4, 2013 replaced the authorization from June 8, 2010. The authorization is subject to the provision that the shares to be purchased,
together with any other shares already acquired and held by SAP, do not account for more than 10% of SAP’s capital stock. In 2015 there were no
purchases made by us or on our behalf or on behalf of affiliates of SAP of SAP shares or SAP ADRs. The total number of SAP shares that SAP could purchase under existing repurchase programs was 92,299,388 as of December 31, 2015. ITEM 16F. CHANGES IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT Not applicable. ITEM 16G. DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES The following summarizes the principal ways in which our corporate governance practices differ from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) corporate
governance rules applicable to U.S. domestic issuers (the NYSE Rules). INTRODUCTION SAP is incorporated under the laws of the European Union and Germany, with securities publicly traded on markets in Germany, including the Frankfurt Exchange and in
the United States on the NYSE. The NYSE Rules permit foreign private issuers to follow applicable home country corporate governance practices in lieu
of the NYSE corporate governance standards, subject to certain exceptions. Foreign private issuers electing to follow home country corporate governance rules are required to disclose the principal differences in their corporate governance practices
from those required under the NYSE Rules. This Item 16G summarizes the principal ways in which SAP’s corporate governance practices differ from the NYSE Rules applicable to domestic issuers. LEGAL FRAMEWORK The primary
sources of law relating to the corporate governance of a European Company are the Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 on the Statute for a European Company (the “ SE Regulation ”), the German Act on the Implementation of Council Regulation No. 2157/2001 of October 8, 2001 on the Statute for a European Company (Gesetz zur Ausführung der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2157/2001 des
Rates vom 8. Oktober 2001 über das Statut der Europäischen Gesellschaft (SE) – SE-Ausführungsgesetz; “ SE-AG ”) of
December 22, 2004, and the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). Additionally, the Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), the German Securities Purchase and Take Over Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz), the
Stock Exchange Admission Regulations, the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and certain other German statutes contain corporate governance rules applicable to SAP. In addition to these mandatory rules, the German Corporate Governance Code
(“GCGC”) summarizes the mandatory statutory corporate governance principles found in the German Stock Corporation Act and other provisions of German law. Further, the GCGC contains supplemental recommendations and suggestions for standards
on responsible corporate governance intended to reflect generally accepted best practices. The German Stock Corporation Act requires the executive and
the supervisory board of publicly listed companies like SAP to declare annually that the recommendations set forth in the GCGC have been and are being complied with or which of the recommendations have not been or are not being complied with and why
not. SAP has disclosed and reasoned deviations from a few of the GCGC recommendations in its Declaration of Implementation on a yearly basis since 2003. Declarations from 2007 forward are available on the SAP website
(http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/policies-statutes.epx). SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES We believe the following to be the significant differences between applicable European and German corporate governance practices, as SAP has implemented them, and
those applicable to domestic companies under the NYSE Rules. SAP SE IS A EUROPEAN COMPANY WITH A TWO-TIER BOARD SYSTEM SAP is governed by three separate bodies: (i) the Supervisory Board, which counsels, supervises and 105 Table of Contents controls the Executive Board; (ii) the Executive Board, which is responsible for the management of SAP; and (iii) the General Meeting of Shareholders. The rules applicable to these
governing bodies are defined by European and German law and by SAP’s Articles of Incorporation. This corporate structure differs from the unitary board of directors established by the relevant laws of all U.S. states and the NYSE Rules. Under
the SE Regulation and the German Stock Corporation Act, the Supervisory Board and Executive Board are separate and no individual may be a member of both boards. See “Item 10. Additional Information — Corporate Governance” for
additional information on the corporate structure. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE RULES The NYSE Rules require that a majority of the members of the board of directors of a listed issuer and each member of its nominating, corporate governance,
compensation and audit committee be “independent.” As a foreign private issuer, SAP is not subject to the NYSE board, compensation committee and corporate governance committee independence requirements but instead can elect to follow its
home country rules. With respect to the audit committee, SAP is required to satisfy Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, which provides certain exemptions from the audit committee independence requirements in the case of employee board representatives.
The NYSE Rules stipulate that no director qualifies as “independent” unless the board of directors has made an affirmative determination that the director has no material direct or indirect relationship with the listed company. However,
under the NYSE Rules a director may still be deemed independent even if the director or a member of a director’s immediate family has received during a 12 month period within the prior three years up to $120,000 in direct compensation. In
addition, a director may also be deemed independent even if a member of the director’s immediate family works for the company’s auditor in a non-partner capacity and not on the company’s audit. By contrast, the GCGC requires that the
Supervisory Board ensure that proposed candidates are persons with the necessary knowledge, competencies and applicable experience. Additionally, the Supervisory Board is required to implement and adhere to concrete director independence criteria,
including a consideration of the total number of independent Supervisory Board members as defined in Section 5.4.2 of the Code. According to this definition, a Supervisory Board member will not be considered independent in particular if s/he
has personal or business relations with the company, its executive bodies, a controlling shareholder or an enterprise associated with any of the preceding persons and entities which could cause a substantial and sustained conflict of interest. The
members of the Supervisory Board must have enough time to perform their board duties and must carry out their duties carefully and in good faith. For as long as they serve, they must comply with the criteria that are enumerated in relation to the selection of
candidates for the Supervisory Board concerning independence, conflict of interest and multiple memberships of management, supervisory and other governing bodies. They must be loyal to SAP in their conduct and they must not accept appointment in
companies that are in competition with SAP. Supervisory Board members must disclose any planned non-ordinary course business transactions with SAP to the Supervisory Board promptly. The Supervisory Board members cannot carry out such transactions
before the Supervisory Board has given its permission. The Supervisory Board may grant its permission for any such transaction only if the transaction is based on terms and conditions that are standard for the type of transaction in question and if
the transaction is not contrary to SAP’s interest. SAP complies with these GCGC director independence requirements. Applicable European and German
corporate law requires that for publicly listed stock corporations at least one member of the Supervisory Board who has expert knowledge in the areas of financial accounting and audit of financial statements must be independent. Mr. Erhard
Schipporeit who is the Chairman of SAP’s Audit Committee meets these requirements. However, applicable European and German corporate law and the GCGC do not require the Supervisory Board to make an affirmative determination for each individual
member that is independent or that a majority of Supervisory Board members or the members of a specific committee are independent. The NYSE
independence requirements are closely linked with risks specific to unitary boards of directors that are customary for U.S. companies. In contrast, the two-tier board structure requires a strict separation of the executive board and supervisory
board. In addition, the supervisory board of a European Company formed by conversion from a large German stock corporation which was subject to the principle of employee codetermination as outlined in the German Co-Determination Act of 1976
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz) is subject to at least the same level of employee participation which formerly existed in the German stock corporation that was converted to an SE. The terms of employee participation with regard to the Supervisory Board of
SAP SE are, among others, set out in the Agreement on the Involvement of Employees in SAP SE. As a result, the Supervisory Board of SAP SE consists of 18 members, of which nine are representatives of SAP SE’s shareholders elected at the Annual
General Meeting and nine members are representatives of the European employees. Only a shareholders’ representative may be elected as chairperson of the Supervisory Board. In case 106 Table of Contents of a tied vote, the vote of the chairperson and, in the event that the chairperson does not participate in passing the resolution, the vote of the deputy chairperson, provided that he or she is a
shareholders’ representative, will be decisive (casting vote). This board structure creates a different system of checks and balances, including employee participation, and cannot be directly compared with a unitary board system. AUDIT COMMITTEE INDEPENDENCE As
a foreign private issuer, the NYSE Rules require SAP to establish an Audit Committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act with respect to audit committee independence. SAP is in compliance with these requirements. The
Chairman of SAP’s Audit Committee and Prof. Dr. Klaus Wucherer meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. The other two Audit Committee members, Panagiotis Bissiritsas and Martin Duffek, are employee
representatives who are eligible for the exemption provided by Rule 10 A-3 (b) (1) (iv) (C) (see “Item 16D Exemptions from the listing standards for audit committees” for details). The Audit Committee independence requirements are similar to the Board independence requirements under applicable European and German corporate law and the GCGC.
See the section above under “Director Independence Rules.” Nonetheless, SAP meets the NYSE Rules on audit committee independence applicable to foreign private issuers. RULES ON NON-MANAGEMENT BOARD MEETINGS ARE DIFFERENT Section 303 A.03 of the
NYSE Rules stipulates that the non-management board of each listed issuer must meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without the management. Under applicable European and German corporate law and the GCGC the Supervisory Board is entitled
but not required to exclude Executive Board members from its meetings. The Supervisory Board exercises this right generally during its meetings. RULES ON ESTABLISHING COMMITTEES DIFFER Pursuant to Section 303 A.04 and 303 A.05 of the NYSE Rules listed companies are required to set up
a Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee, each composed entirely of independent directors and having a written charter specifying the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. In addition, each committee’s
performance must be reviewed annually. Applicable European and German corporate law does not mandate the creation of specific supervisory board committees. The GCGC recommends that the Supervisory Board establish an Audit Committee and a Nomination
Committee. SAP has the following committees, which are in compliance with the GCGC: General and Compensation Committee, Audit Committee, Strategy and Technology Committee, Finance and Investment Committee, Nomination Committee, Special Committee and People and Organization Committee (See “Item 10. Additional Information — Corporate Governance” for
more information). RULES ON SHAREHOLDERS’ COMPULSORY APPROVAL ARE DIFFERENT Section 312 of the NYSE Rules requires U.S. companies to seek shareholder approval of all equity-compensation plans, including certain material revisions
thereto (subject to certain exemptions as described in the rules), issuances of common stock, including convertible stock, if the common stock has, or will have upon issuance, voting power of or in excess of 20% of the then outstanding common stock,
and issuances of common stock if they trigger a change of control. According to applicable European law, the German Stock Corporation Act and other
applicable German laws, shareholder approval is required for a broad range of matters, such as amendments to the articles of association, certain significant corporate transactions (including inter-company agreements and material restructurings),
the offering of stock options and similar equity compensation to its Executive Board members or its employees by a way of a conditional capital increase or by using treasury shares (including significant aspects of such an equity compensation plan
as well as the exercise thresholds), the issuance of new shares, the authorization to purchase the corporation’s own shares, and other essential issues, such as transfers of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the stock corporation,
including shareholdings in subsidiaries. SPECIFIC PRINCIPLES OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Under the NYSE Rules Section 303A.09 listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate guidelines. Since October 2007, SAP has applied, with few exceptions,
the recommended corporate governance standards of the GCGC rather than company-specific principles of corporate governance. The GCGC recommendations differ from the NYSE Standards primarily as outlined in this Item 16G. SPECIFIC CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT NYSE Rules Section 303 A.10 requires listed companies to adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, and to
disclose promptly any waivers of the code for directors or executive officers. Although not required under applicable European and German law, SAP has adopted a Code of Business Conduct, which is equally applicable to employees, managers and members
of the Executive Board. SAP complies with the requirement to disclose the Code of Business Conduct and any waivers of the code with respect to directors and executive officers. See “Item 16B. Code of Ethics” for details. 107 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Consolidated Financial Statements are included herein on pages F-1 through F-73. The following are filed as part
of this report: – Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. – Consolidated Financial Statements – Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. – Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. – Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. – Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. – Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. – Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 19. EXHIBITS The
following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: 1 Articles of Incorporation (Satzung) of SAP SE, effective as of May 20, 2015 (English translation). 2.1 Form of global share certificate for ordinary shares (English translation). (1) Certain instruments which define rights of holders of long-term debt of SAP SE and its subsidiaries are not being filed
because the total amount of securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total consolidated assets of SAP SE and its subsidiaries. SAP SE and its subsidiaries hereby agree to furnish a copy of each such instrument to
the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 4.1.1 Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement dated as of November 25, 2009, by and among SAP SE, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Depositary, and all owners and holders
from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder. (2) 4.1.2 Amendment No. 1 dated March 18, 2016 to the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement, by and among SAP SE, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Depositary,
and all owners and holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary Receipt. (3) 4.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 18, 2014 by and among Concur Technologies, Inc., SAP America, Inc. and Congress Acquisition Corp. (4) 8 For a list of our subsidiaries see Note (33) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in “Item 18. Financial Statements”. 12.1 Certification of Bill McDermott, Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 12.2 Certification of Luka Mucic, Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 13.1 Certification of Bill McDermott, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 13.2 Certification of Luka Mucic, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 15 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to
SAP SE’s 2014 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 20, 2015. (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.(a)(2) of Post Effective
Amendment #1 to SAP SE’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on November 25, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
99.(a)(2) of Post Effective Amendment #2 to SAP SE’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on March 18, 2016. (4) Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 2.1 to Concur Technologies, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014. 108 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The Registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this report on its behalf. SAP SE (Registrant) By: /s/ BILL MCDERMOTT Name: Bill McDermott Title: Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 29, 2016 By: /s/ LUKA MUCIC Name: Luka Mucic Title: Chief Financial Officer Dated: March 29, 2016 109 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 F-7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-73 F-1 Table of Contents REP ORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Supervisory Board of SAP SE: We have audited
the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of SAP SE and subsidiaries (“SAP” or “the Company”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2015. We also have audited SAP’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). SAP’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our
audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SAP SE and subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Also in our opinion, SAP SE maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. /s/KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Mannheim, Germany February 25, 2016 F-2 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES CO NSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED
INCOME STATEMENTS OF SAP GROUP for the years ended December 31, millions, unless otherwise stated Notes (Unaudited) 2015 (1) US$ 2015 € 2014 € 2013 € Cloud subscriptions and support 2,482 2,286 1,087 696 Software licenses 5,250 4,835 4,399 4,516 Software support 10,960 10,093 8,829 8,293 Software licenses and support 16,210 14,928 13,228 12,809 Cloud and software 18,693 17,214 14,315 13,505 Services 3,887 3,579 3,245 3,310 Total revenue (5) 22,579 20,793 17,560 16,815 Cost of cloud subscriptions and support – 1,109 – 1,022 – 481 – 314 Cost of software licenses and support – 2,488 – 2,291 – 2,076 – 2,056 Cost of cloud and software – 3,597 – 3,313 – 2,557 – 2,370 Cost of services – 3,598 – 3,313 – 2,716 – 2,660 Total cost of revenue – 7,195 – 6,626 – 5,272 – 5,031 Gross profit 15,384 14,167 12,288 11,784 Research and development – 3,090 – 2,845 – 2,331 – 2,282 Sales and marketing – 5,865 – 5,401 – 4,304 – 4,131 General and administration – 1,138 – 1,048 – 892 – 866 Restructuring (6) – 675 – 621 – 126 – 70 TomorrowNow and Versata litigation (23) 0 0 – 309 31 Other operating income/expense, net 1 1 4 12 Total operating expenses – 17,962 – 16,541 – 13,230 – 12,336 Operating profit 4,618 4,252 4,331 4,479 Other non-operating income/expense, net (8) – 278 – 256 49 – 17 Finance income 262 241 127 115 Finance costs – 267 – 246 – 152 – 181 Financial income, net (9) – 5 – 5 – 25 – 66 Profit before tax 4,334 3,991 4,355 4,396 Income tax TomorrowNow and Versata litigation 0 0 86 – 8 Other income tax expense – 1,016 – 935 – 1,161 – 1,063 Income tax expense (10) – 1,016 – 935 – 1,075 – 1,071 Profit after tax 3,318 3,056 3,280 3,325 Attributable to owners of parent 3,327 3,064 3,280 3,326 Attributable to non-controlling interests – 9 – 8 0 – 1 Earnings per share, basic (in € ) (11) 2.78 2.56 2.75 2.79 Earnings per share, diluted (in € ) (11) 2.78 2.56 2.74 2.78 (1) The 2015 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the reader at an exchange rate of US$1.0859 to € 1.00, the Noon Buying Rate certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2015. The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-3 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF SAP GROUP for the years ended
December 31, € millions Notes 2015 2014 2013 Profit after tax 3,056 3,280 3,325 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements on defined benefit pension plans (18) – 19 – 30 16 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified (10) 2 7 – 3 Other comprehensive income after tax for items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss – 17 – 23 13 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (20) Exchange differences 1,845 1,161 – 576 Available-for-sale financial assets (26) 128 128 60 Cash flow hedges (25) 15 – 38 0 Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified (10) 10 31 – 8 Other comprehensive income after tax for items that will be reclassified to profit or loss 1,997 1,282 – 524 Other comprehensive income net of tax 1,980 1,259 – 511 Total comprehensive income 5,036 4,539 2,814 Attributable to owners of parent 5,044 4,539 2,815 Attributable to non-controlling interests – 8 0 – 1 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-4 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF SAP GROUP as at December 31, millions Notes (Unaudited) 2015 (1) US$ 2015 € 2014 € Cash and cash equivalents 3,704 3,411 3,328 Other financial assets (12) 381 351 678 Trade and other receivables (13) 5,728 5,275 4,342 Other non-financial assets (14) 508 468 435 Tax assets 255 235 215 Total current assets 10,576 9,739 8,999 Goodwill (15) 24,638 22,689 21,000 Intangible assets (15) 4,647 4,280 4,604 Property, plant, and equipment (16) 2,380 2,192 2,102 Other financial assets (12) 1,450 1,336 1,021 Trade and other receivables (13) 95 87 100 Other non-financial assets (14) 361 332 164 Tax assets 306 282 231 Deferred tax assets (10) 492 453 343 Total non-current assets 34,370 31,651 29,566 Total assets 44,945 41,390 38,565 Trade and other payables (17) 1,181 1,088 1,032 Tax liabilities 250 230 339 Financial liabilities (17) 913 841 2,561 Other non-financial liabilities (17) 3,700 3,407 2,811 Provisions (18) 325 299 150 Deferred income (19) 2,173 2,001 1,680 Total current liabilities 8,543 7,867 8,574 Trade and other payables (17) 88 81 55 Tax liabilities 437 402 371 Financial liabilities (17) 9,427 8,681 8,980 Other non-financial liabilities (17) 359 331 219 Provisions (18) 195 180 151 Deferred tax liabilities (10) 486 448 603 Deferred income (19) 115 106 78 Total non-current liabilities 11,107 10,228 10,457 Total liabilities 19,650 18,095 19,031 Issued capital 1,334 1,229 1,229 Share premium 606 558 614 Retained earnings 21,766 20,044 18,317 Other components of equity 2,781 2,561 564 Treasury shares –1,221 –1,124 –1,224 Equity attributable to owners of parent 25,266 23,267 19,499 Non-controlling interests 30 28 34 Total equity (20) 25,296 23,295 19,534 Total equity and liabilities 44,945 41,390 38,565 (1) The 2015 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the reader at an exchange rate of US$1.0859 to € 1.00, the Noon Buying Rate certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2015. The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-5 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF SAP GROUP as at December 31, € millions Equity Attributable to Owners of Parent Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Issued Capital Share Premium Retained Earnings Other Components of Equity Treasury Shares Total Exchange Differences Available- for-Sale Financial Assets Cash Flow Hedges Notes (20) (20) (20) Statement of Comprehensive Income (20) January 1, 2013 1,229 492 13,934 – 236 22 20 – 1,337 14,125 8 14,133 Profit after tax 3,326 3,326 – 1 3,325 Other comprehensive income 13 – 584 60 – 511 – 511 Comprehensive income 3,339 – 584 60 2,815 – 1 2,814 Share-based payments 30 30 30 Dividends – 1,013 – 1,013 – 1,013 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 29 57 86 86 Other changes – 2 – 2 1 – 1 December 31, 2013 1,229 551 16,258 – 820 82 20 – 1,280 16,040 8 16,048 Profit after tax 3,280 3,280 3,280 Other comprehensive income – 23 1,182 128 – 28 1,259 1,259 Comprehensive income 3,257 1,182 128 – 28 4,539 4,539 Share-based payments 34 34 34 Dividends – 1,194 – 1,194 – 1,194 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 29 56 85 85 Additions from business combinations 26 26 Other changes – 4 – 4 – 4 December 31, 2014 1,229 614 18,317 362 211 – 8 – 1,224 19,499 34 19,534 Profit after tax 3,064 3,064 – 8 3,056 Other comprehensive income – 17 1,861 125 11 1,980 1,980 Comprehensive income 3,047 1,861 125 11 5,044 – 8 5,036 Share-based payments – 136 – 136 – 136 Dividends – 1,316 – 1,316 – 1,316 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 80 100 180 180 Other changes – 4 – 4 2 – 2 December 31, 2015 1,229 558 20,044 2,223 336 3 – 1,124 23,267 28 23,295 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-6 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS OF SAP GROUP for the years ended
December 31, millions Notes (Unaudited) 2015 (1) US$ 2015 € 2014 € 2013 € Profit after tax 3,318 3,056 3,280 3,325 Adjustments to reconcile profit after taxes to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (15),(16) 1,400 1,289 1,010 951 Income tax expense (10) 1,016 935 1,075 1,071 Financial income, net (9) 5 5 25 66 Decrease/increase in sales and bad debt allowances on trade receivables 49 45 47 42 Other adjustments for non-cash items – 2 – 2 70 62 Decrease/increase in trade and other receivables – 917 – 844 – 286 – 110 Decrease/increase in other assets – 340 – 313 – 329 – 136 Decrease/increase in trade payables, provisions, and other liabilities 823 757 573 – 176 Decrease/increase in deferred income 236 218 16 125 Cash outflows due to TomorrowNow and Versata litigation (23) 0 0 – 555 – 1 Interest paid – 187 – 172 – 130 – 159 Interest received 89 82 59 67 Income taxes paid, net of refunds – 1,541 – 1,420 – 1,356 – 1,295 Net cash flows from operating activities 3,950 3,638 3,499 3,832 Business combinations, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired – 43 – 39 – 6,360 – 1,160 Cash receipts from derivative financial instruments related to business combinations 289 266 – 111 0 Total cash flows for business combinations, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (4) 246 226 – 6,472 – 1,160 Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment – 691 – 636 – 737 – 566 Proceeds from sales of intangible assets or property, plant, and equipment 73 68 46 55 Purchase of equity or debt instruments of other entities – 2,032 – 1,871 – 910 – 1,531 Proceeds from sales of equity or debt instruments of other entities 2,041 1,880 833 1,421 Net cash flows from investing activities – 362 – 334 – 7,240 – 1,781 Dividends paid (20) – 1,430 – 1,316 – 1,194 – 1,013 Proceeds from reissuance of treasury shares 70 64 51 49 Proceeds from borrowings 1,899 1,748 7,503 1,000 Repayments of borrowings – 4,183 – 3,852 – 2,062 – 1,625 Net cash flows from financing activities – 3,644 – 3,356 4,298 – 1,589 Effect of foreign currency rates on cash and cash equivalents 146 135 23 – 191 Net decrease/increase in cash and cash equivalents 90 83 580 271 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period (20) 3,614 3,328 2,748 2,477 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (20) 3,704 3,411 3,328 2,748 (1) The 2015 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the reader at an exchange rate of US$1.0859 to € 1.00, the Noon Buying Rate certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2015. The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-7 Table of Contents SAP SE AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (1) GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of SAP SE and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “SAP,”
“Group,” and “Company”) have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). We have applied
all standards and interpretations that were effective on and endorsed by the European Union (EU) as at December 31, 2015. There were no standards or interpretations impacting our Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, that were effective but not yet endorsed. Therefore, our Consolidated Financial Statements comply with both IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with IFRS as endorsed by
the EU. Our Executive Board approved the Consolidated Financial Statements on February 25, 2016, for submission to our Supervisory Board. All amounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are reported in millions of euros
( € millions) except where otherwise stated. Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this document may not add up precisely to
the totals we provide and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. (2) SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION Entities Consolidated in the Financial Statements Total December 31, 2013 272 Additions 58 Disposals – 43 December 31, 2014 287 Additions 8 Disposals – 40 December 31, 2015 255 The additions relate to legal entities added in connection with acquisitions and foundations. The disposals are mainly due to
mergers and liquidations of legal entities. (3) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (3a) Bases of Measurement The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost
basis except for the following: – Derivative financial instruments, available-for-sale financial assets, and liabilities for cash-settled share-based payments are measured at fair value. – Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at period-end exchange rates. – Post-employment benefits are measured according to IAS 19 (Employee Benefits) as described in Note (18a). Where applicable, information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the respective measurement bases is disclosed in the Notes specific to that
asset or liability. (3b) Relevant Accounting Policies Reclassifications We modified and simplified the presentation of our services revenue in our
income statement starting with the first quarter of 2015 to align our financial reporting with the change in our services business under the ONE Service approach. Under this approach, we combine premium support services and professional services in
a way that no longer allows us to separate premium support revenues from professional services revenues or to separate their related cost of services. Consequently, we have combined the revenue from premium support services with the revenue from professional services and other services in a new services revenue
line item. Previously, revenues from premium support services were classified as support revenues (2014: € 539 million, 2013: € 445 million) and related costs were classified as cost of software and software-related services (2014: € 337 million, 2013: € 259 million). Simultaneously with this change, we simplified and clarified the labeling of several income statement line items. This
includes renaming the previous revenue subtotal labeled software and support (which included premium support revenues) to software licenses and support (which no longer includes premium support revenues). The previous revenue subtotal labeled
software and software-related service revenue is renamed cloud and software and accordingly no longer includes premium support revenue. All of these changes have been applied retrospectively. F-8 Table of Contents The two other revenue line items cloud subscriptions and support and total revenue are not affected by any of these
changes and remain unaltered. Business Combinations and Goodwill We decide on a transaction-by-transaction basis whether to measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
Acquisition-related costs are accounted as expense in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received, with the expense being classified as general and administration expense. Foreign Currencies Income and expenses and operating cash flows of our foreign subsidiaries that use a functional currency other than the euro are translated at average rates of foreign exchange (FX) computed on a monthly basis.
Exchange differences resulting from foreign currency transactions are recognized in other non-operating income/expense, net. The exchange rates of key
currencies affecting the Company were as follows: Exchange Rates Equivalent to € 1 Middle Rate as at December 31 Annual Average Exchange Rate 2015 2014 2015 2014 2013 U.S. dollar USD 1.0887 1.2141 1.1071 1.3198 1.3301 Pound sterling GBP 0.7340 0.7789 0.7255 0.8037 0.8482 Japanese yen JPY 131.07 145.23 134.12 140.61 130.21 Swiss franc CHF 1.0835 1.2024 1.0688 1.2132 1.2302 Canadian dollar CAD 1.5116 1.4063 1.4227 1.4645 1.3710 Australian dollar AUD 1.4897 1.4829 1.4753 1.4650 1.3944 Revenue Recognition Classes of Revenue We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for (a) the use of our hosted
cloud offerings, (b) licenses to our on-premise software products, and (c) standardized and premium support services, consulting, customer-specific on-premise software development agreements, training, and other services. Cloud and software revenue, as presented in our Consolidated Income Statements, is the sum of our cloud subscriptions and support revenue, our software licenses
revenue, and our software support revenue. – Revenue from cloud subscriptions and support represents fees earned from providing customers with: ¡ Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), that is, a right to use software functionality in a cloud-based-infrastructure (hosting) provided by SAP, where the customer does
not have the right to terminate the hosting contract and take possession of the software to run it on the customer’s own IT infrastructure or by a third-party hosting provider without significant penalty, or ¡ Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), that is, access to a cloud-based infrastructure to develop, run, and manage applications, or ¡ Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), that is, hosting services for software hosted by SAP, where the customer has the right to terminate the hosting contract and
take possession of the software at any time without significant penalty and related application management services, or ¡ Additional premium cloud subscription support beyond the regular support that is embedded in the basic cloud subscription fees, or ¡ Business Network Services, that is, connecting companies in a cloud-based-environment to perform business processes between the connected companies. – Software licenses revenue represents fees earned from the sale or license of software to customers for use on the customer’s premises, in other words, where
the customer has the right to take possession of the software for installation on the customer’s premises (on-premise software). Software licenses revenue includes revenue from both the sale of our standard software products and
customer-specific on-premise software development agreements. – Software support revenue represents fees earned from providing customers with standardized support services which comprise unspecified future software updates,
upgrades, enhancements, and technical product support services for on-premise software F-9 Table of Contents products. We do not sell separately technical product support or unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements. Accordingly, we do not distinguish within software support revenue or
within cost of software support the amounts attributable to technical support services and unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements. Services revenue as presented in our Consolidated Income Statements represents fees earned from providing customers with: – Professional services, that is, consulting services that primarily relate to the installation and configuration of our cloud subscriptions and on-premise
software products, – Premium support services, that is, high-end support services tailored to customer requirements, – Training services, – Messaging services (primarly transmission of electronic text messages from one mobile phone provider to another), and – Payment services in connection with our travel and expense management offerings. We account for out-of-pocket expenses invoiced by SAP and reimbursed by customers as cloud subscriptions and support, software support, or services revenue, depending on the nature of the service for which the
out-of-pocket expenses were incurred. Timing of Revenue Recognition We do not start recognizing revenue from customer arrangements before evidence of an arrangement exists and the amount of revenue and associated costs can be measured reliably and collection of the related
receivable is probable. If, for any of our product or service offerings, we determine at the outset of an arrangement that the amount of revenue cannot be measured reliably, we conclude that the inflow of economic benefits associated with the
transaction is not probable, and we defer revenue recognition until the arrangement fee becomes due and payable by the customer. If, at the outset of an arrangement, we determine that collectability is not probable, we conclude that the inflow of
economic benefits associated with the transaction is not probable, and we defer revenue recognition until the earlier of when collectability becomes probable or payment is received. If a customer is specifically identified as a bad debtor, we stop
recognizing revenue from the customer except to the extent of the fees that have already been collected. In general, we invoice fees for standard
software upon contract closure and delivery. Periodical fixed fees for cloud subscription services and software support services are mostly invoiced yearly or quarterly in advance. Fees based on actual transaction volumes for cloud subscriptions and fees charged for non-periodical services are invoiced as the services are delivered. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue is recognized as the services are performed. Where a periodical fixed fee is agreed for the right to continuously access and use a cloud offering for a certain term, the fee
is recognized ratably over the term covered by the fixed fee. Fees that are based on actual transaction volumes are recognized as the transactions occur. In general, our cloud subscriptions and support contracts include certain set-up activities. If these set-up activities have stand-alone value, they are accounted
for as distinct deliverables with the respective revenue being classified as service revenue and recognized as the set-up activity is performed. If we conclude that such set-up activities are not distinct deliverables, we do not account for them
separately. Revenue from the sale of perpetual licenses of our standard on-premise software products is recognized upon delivery of the software, that
is, when the customer has access to the software. Occasionally, we license on-premise software for a specified period of time. Revenue from short-term time-based licenses, which usually include support services during the license period, is
recognized ratably over the license term. Revenue from multi-year time-based licenses that include support services, whether separately priced or not, is recognized ratably over the license term unless a substantive support service renewal rate
exists; if this is the case, the amount allocated to the delivered software is recognized as software licenses revenue based on the residual method once the basic criteria described above have been met. In general, our on-premise software license agreements include neither acceptance-testing provisions nor rights to return the software. If an arrangement allows
for customer acceptance-testing of the software, we defer revenue until the earlier of customer acceptance or when the acceptance right lapses. If an arrangement allows for returning the software, we defer recognition of software revenue until the
right to return expires. We usually recognize revenue from on-premise software arrangements involving resellers on evidence of sell-through by the
reseller to the end-customer, because the inflow of the economic benefits associated with the arrangements to us is not probable before sell-through has occurred. Software licenses revenue from customer-specific on-premise software development agreements that qualify for revenue recognition by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity is recognized using F-10 Table of Contents the percentage-of-completion method based on contract costs incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated contract costs required to complete the development work. On-premise software subscription contracts combine software and support service elements, as under these contracts the customer is provided with current software
products, rights to receive unspecified future software products, and rights to product support during the on-premise software subscription term. Typically, customers pay a periodic fee for a defined subscription term, and we recognize such fees
ratably over the term of the arrangement beginning with the delivery of the first product. Revenue from on-premise software subscription contracts is allocated to the software licenses revenue and software support revenue line items in our
Consolidated Income Statements. Under our standardized support services, our performance obligation is to stand ready to provide technical product
support and unspecified updates, upgrades, and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis. Consequently, we recognize support revenue ratably over the term of the support arrangement. We recognize services revenue as the services are rendered. Usually, our professional services contracts and premium support services contracts do not involve significant production, modification, or customization
of software and the related revenue is recognized as the services are provided using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. For messaging services, we measure the progress of service rendering based on the number of messages successfully
processed and delivered except for fixed-price messaging arrangements, for which revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual term of the arrangement. Revenue from our training services is recognized when the customer consumes the respective
classroom training. For on-demand training services, whereby our performance obligation is to stand ready and provide the customer with access to the training courses and learning content services, revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual
term of the arrangement. Measurement of Revenue Revenue is recognized net of returns and allowances, trade discounts, and volume rebates. Our contributions to resellers that allow our resellers to execute qualified and approved marketing activities are recognized as an offset to revenue, unless we obtain a separate identifiable benefit for the
contribution and the fair value of that benefit is reasonably estimable. Multiple-Element Arrangements We combine two or more customer contracts with the same customer and account for the contracts as a single contract if the contracts are negotiated as a package or otherwise linked. Thus, the majority of our
contracts that contain cloud offerings or on-premise software also include other goods or services (multiple-element arrangements). We account for the
different goods and services promised under our customer contracts as separate units of account (distinct deliverables) unless: – The contract involves significant production, modification, or customization of the cloud subscription or on-premise software; and – The services are not available from third-party vendors and are therefore deemed essential to the cloud subscription or on-premise software. Goods and services that do not qualify as distinct deliverables are combined into one unit of account (combined deliverables). The portion of the transaction fee allocated to one distinct deliverable is recognized in revenue separately under the policies applicable to the
respective deliverable. For combined deliverables consisting of cloud offerings or on-premise software and other services, the allocated portion of the transaction fee is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method, as outlined above, or
over the cloud subscription term, if applicable, depending on which service term is longer. We allocate the total transaction fee of a customer
contract to the distinct deliverables under the contract based on their fair values. The allocation is done relative to the distinct deliverables’ individual fair values unless the residual method is applied as outlined below. Fair value is
determined by company-specific objective evidence of fair value which is the price charged consistently when that element is sold separately or, for elements not yet sold separately, the price established by our management if it is probable that the
price will not change before the element is sold separately. Where company-specific objective evidence of fair value and third-party evidence of selling price cannot be established due to lacking stand-alone sales or lacking pricing consistency, we
determine the fair value of a distinct deliverable by estimating its stand-alone selling price. Company-specific objective evidence of fair value and estimated stand-alone selling prices (ESP) for our major products and services are determined as
follows: – We derive the company-specific objective evidence of fair value for our renewable support services from the rates charged to renew the support services annually
after an initial period. Such renewal rates generally represent a fixed percentage of the discounted F-11 Table of Contents software license fee charged to the customer. The majority of our customers renew their annual support service contracts at these rates. – Company-specific objective evidence of fair value for our professional services is derived from our consistently priced historic sales. – Company-specific objective evidence of fair value can generally not be established for our cloud subscriptions. ESP for these offerings is determined based on
the rates agreed with the individual customers to apply if and when the subscription arrangement renews. We determine ESP by considering multiple factors which include, but are not limited to, the following: – Substantive renewal rates stipulated in the cloud arrangement; and – Gross margin expectations and expected internal costs of the respective cloud business model. – For our on-premise software offerings, company-specific objective evidence of fair value can generally not be established and representative stand-alone selling
prices are not discernible from past transactions. We therefore apply the residual method to multiple-element arrangements that include on-premise software. Under this method, the transaction fee is allocated to all undelivered elements in the
amount of their respective fair values and the remaining amount of the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered element. With this policy, we have considered the guidance provided by FASB ASC Subtopic 985-605 (Software Revenue Recognition),
where applicable, as authorized by IAS 8 (Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors). We also consider FASB ASC
985-605 in our accounting for options that entitle the customer to purchase, in the future, additional on-premise software or services. We allocate revenue to future incremental discounts whenever customers are granted a material right, that is, the
right to license additional on-premise software at a higher discount than the one given within the initial software license arrangement, or to purchase or renew services at rates below the fair values established for these services. We also consider
whether future purchase options included in arrangements for cloud subscription deliverables constitute a material right. Cost of
Cloud and Software Cost of cloud and software includes the costs incurred in producing the goods and providing the services that generate cloud and
software revenue. Consequently, this line item primarily includes employee expenses relating to these services, amortization of acquired intangibles, fees for third-party licenses, shipping, ramp-up cost, and depreciation of our property, plant, and
equipment. Cost of Services Cost of services includes the costs incurred in providing the services that generate service revenue including messaging revenues. The item also includes sales and marketing expenses related to our services that
result from sales and marketing efforts that cannot be clearly separated from providing the services. Research and Development Research and development includes the costs incurred by activities related to the development of software solutions (new products, updates, and
enhancements) including resource and hardware costs for the development systems. We have determined that the conditions for recognizing internally
generated intangible assets from our software development activities are not met until shortly before the products are available for sale. Development costs incurred after the recognition criteria are met have not been material. Consequently,
research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing includes costs incurred for the selling and marketing activities related to our software and cloud solutions. General and Administration General and
administration includes costs related to finance and administrative functions, human resources, and general management as long as they are not directly attributable to one of the other operating expense line items. Accounting for Uncertainties in Income Taxes We measure current and deferred tax liabilities and assets for uncertainties in income taxes based on our best estimate of the most likely amount payable to or
recoverable from the tax authorities, assuming that the tax authorities will examine the amounts reported to them and have full knowledge of all relevant information. Share-Based Payments Share-based payments cover cash-settled and equity-settled awards issued
to our employees. The respective expenses are recognized as employee benefits expenses and classified in our Consolidated Income Statements according to the activities that the employees owning the awards perform. We grant our employees discounts on certain share-based payment awards. Since those discounts are not dependent on future services to be provided by our employees,
the discount is recognized as an expense when the rights are granted. F-12 Table of Contents Where we hedge our exposure to cash-settled awards, changes in the fair value of the respective hedging instruments
are also recognized as employee benefits expenses in profit or loss. The fair values of hedging instruments are based on market data reflecting current market expectations. For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). Financial Assets Our financial assets comprise cash and cash equivalents (highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less), loans and
receivables, acquired equity and debt investments, and derivative financial instruments (derivatives) with positive fair values. Financial assets are only classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if they are held for
trading, as we do not designate financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. All other financial assets are classified as loans and receivables if we do not designate them as available-for-sale financial assets. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recorded as at the trade date. Among the other impairment indicators in IAS 39 (Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement), for an investment in an equity security, objective evidence of impairment includes a significant (more than
20%) or prolonged (a period of more than nine months) decline in its fair value. Impairment losses on financial assets are recognized in financial income, net. For available-for-sale financial assets, which are non-derivative financial assets that
are not assigned to loans and receivables or financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, impairment losses directly reduce an asset’s carrying amount, while impairments on loans and receivables are recorded using allowance accounts.
Such allowance accounts are always presented together with the accounts containing the asset’s cost in other financial assets. Account balances are charged off against the respective allowance after all collection efforts have been exhausted
and the likelihood of recovery is considered remote. Derivatives Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Many transactions constitute economic hedges, and therefore
contribute effectively to the securing of financial risks but do not qualify for hedge accounting under IAS 39. To hedge currency risks inherent in foreign-currency denominated and recognized monetary assets and liabilities, we do not designate
our held-for-trading derivative financial instruments as accounting hedges, because the profits and losses from the underlying transactions are recognized in profit or loss in the same periods as the profits or losses from the derivatives. In addition, we occasionally have contracts that contain foreign currency embedded derivatives to be accounted for
separately. Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments We use derivatives to hedge foreign currency risk or interest-rate risk and designate them as cash flow or fair value hedges if they qualify for hedge accounting under IAS 39. For more information about our
hedges, see Note (24). a) Cash Flow Hedge In
general, we apply cash flow hedge accounting to the foreign currency risk of highly probable forecasted transactions and interest-rate risk on variable rate financial liabilities. With regard to foreign currency risk, hedge accounting relates to the spot price and the intrinsic values of the derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, while gains and losses on the interest
element and on those time values excluded from the hedging relationship as well as the ineffective portion of gains or losses are recognized in profit or loss as they occur. b) Fair Value Hedge We apply fair value hedge accounting for certain of our fixed rate financial liabilities. Valuation and Testing of Effectiveness The
effectiveness of the hedging relationship is tested prospectively and retrospectively. Prospectively, we apply the critical terms match for our foreign currency hedges as currencies, maturities, and the amounts are identical for the forecasted
transactions and the spot element of the forward exchange rate contract or intrinsic value of the currency options, respectively. For interest-rate swaps, we also apply the critical terms match as the notional amounts, currencies, maturities, basis
of the variable legs or fixed legs, respectively, reset dates, and the dates of the interest and principal payments are identical for the debt instrument and the corresponding interest-rate swaps. Therefore, over the life of the hedging instrument,
the changes in the designated components of the hedging instrument will offset the impact of fluctuations of the underlying hedged items. The method of
retrospectively testing effectiveness depends on the type of the hedge as described further below: a) Cash Flow Hedge Retrospectively, effectiveness is tested on a cumulative basis applying the dollar offset method by using the hypothetical derivative method. Under this approach,
the change in fair value of a constructed hypothetical derivative with terms reflecting the relevant terms of the F-13 Table of Contents hedged item is compared to the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument employing its relevant terms. The hedge is deemed highly effective if the results are within the range 80% to
125%. b) Fair Value Hedge Retrospectively,
effectiveness is tested using statistical methods in the form of a regression analysis by which the validity and extent of the relationship between the change in value of the hedged items as the independent variable and the fair value change of the
derivatives as the dependent variable is determined. The hedge is deemed highly effective if the determination coefficient between the hedged items and the hedging instruments exceeds 0.8 and the slope coefficient lies within a range of –0.8 to
–1.25. Trade and Other Receivables Trade receivables are recorded at invoiced amounts less sales allowances and allowances for doubtful accounts. We record these allowances based on a specific review of all significant outstanding invoices. When
analyzing the recoverability of our trade receivables, we consider the following factors: – First, we consider the financial solvency of specific customers and record an allowance for specific customer balances when we believe it is probable that we
will not collect the amount due according to the contractual terms of the arrangement. – Second, we evaluate homogenous portfolios of trade receivables according to their default risk primarily based on the age of the receivable and historical loss
experience, but also taking into consideration general market factors that might impact our trade receivable portfolio. We record a general bad debt allowance to record impairment losses for a portfolio of trade receivables when we believe that the
age of the receivables indicates that it is probable that a loss has occurred and we will not collect some or all of the amounts due. Account balances are written off, that is, charged off against the allowance after all collection efforts have been exhausted and the likelihood of recovery is
considered remote. In our Consolidated Income Statements, expenses from recording bad debt allowances for a portfolio of trade receivables are
classified as other operating income, net, whereas expenses from recording bad debt allowances for specific customer balances are classified as cost of cloud and software or cost of services, depending on the transaction from which the respective
trade receivable results. Sales allowances are recorded as an offset to the respective revenue item. Included in trade receivables are unbilled
receivables related to fixed-fee and time-and-material consulting arrangements for contract work performed to date. Other Non-Financial Assets Other non-financial assets are recorded at amortized cost. We recognize as an asset the direct and incremental cost incurred when obtaining a customer cloud subscription contract. We amortize these assets on a
straight line basis over the period of providing the cloud subscriptions to which the assets relate. Intangible Assets We classify intangible assets according to their nature and use in our operation. Software and database licenses consist primarily of technology for
internal use, whereas acquired technology consists primarily of purchased software to be incorporated into our product offerings and in-process research and development. Customer relationship and other intangibles consist primarily of customer
contracts and acquired trademark licenses. All our purchased intangible assets other than goodwill have finite useful lives. They are initially
measured at acquisition cost and subsequently amortized either based on expected consumption of economic benefits or on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from two to 20 years. Amortization for acquired in-process research and development project assets starts when the projects are complete and the developed software is taken to the
market. We typically amortize these intangibles over five to seven years. Amortization expenses of intangible assets are classified as cost of cloud
and software, cost of services, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administration, depending on the use of the respective intangible assets. Property, Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment are carried at acquisition cost
plus the fair value of related asset retirement costs if any and if reasonably estimable, less accumulated depreciation. Property, plant, and equipment
are depreciated over their expected useful lives, generally using the straight-line method. Useful Lives of Property, Plant, and Equipment Buildings 25 to 50 years Leasehold improvements Based on the term of the lease contract Information technology equipment 3 to 5 years Office furniture 4 to 20 years Automobiles 4 to 5 years F-14 Table of Contents Impairment of Goodwill and Non-Current Assets The annual goodwill impairment test is performed at the level of our operating segments since there are no lower levels in SAP at which goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes. The test is performed at the same time for all operating segments. Impairment losses are presented in other operating
income/expense, net in profit or loss. Liabilities Financial Liabilities Financial liabilities include trade and other payables, bank loans, issued bonds,
private placements, and other financial liabilities that comprise derivative and non-derivative financial liabilities. They are classified as financial liabilities at amortized cost and at fair value through profit or loss. The latter include only
those financial liabilities that are held for trading, as we do not designate financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. Customer
funding liabilities are funds we draw from and make payments on on behalf of our customers for customers’ employee expense reimbursements, related credit card payments, and vendor payments. We present these funds in cash and cash equivalents
and record our obligation to make these expense reimbursements and payments on behalf of our customers as customer funding liabilities. Expenses and
gains/losses on financial liabilities mainly consist of interest expense, which is recognized based on the effective interest method. Provisions The employee-related provisions
include, amongst others, long-term employee benefits. They are secured by pledged reinsurance coverage and are offset against the settlement amount of the secured commitment. Post-Employment Benefits The discount rates used in measuring our post-employment benefit
assets and liabilities are derived from rates available on high-quality corporate bonds and government bonds for which the timing and amounts of payments match the timing and the amounts of our projected pension payments. The assumptions used to
calculate pension liabilities and costs are disclosed in Note (18a). Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognized in employee expenses. Since our domestic defined benefit pension plans primarily consist of an employee-financed post-retirement plan that is fully financed with qualifying insurance policies, current service cost may become a credit as
a result of adjusting the defined benefit liability’s carrying amount to the fair value of the qualifying plan assets. Such adjustments are recorded in service cost. Deferred Income Deferred income is recognized as cloud subscriptions and support revenue,
software licenses revenue, software support revenue, or services revenue, depending on the reason for the deferral, once the basic applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met. These criteria are met, for example, when the services are
performed or when the discounts that relate to a material right granted in a purchase option are applied. (3c) Management Judgments and Sources of
Estimation Uncertainty The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments,
estimates, and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our judgments, estimates, and assumptions on historical and forecast information, as well as on regional and industry economic conditions in which we or
our customers operate, changes to which could adversely affect our estimates. Although we believe we have made reasonable estimates about the ultimate resolution of the underlying uncertainties, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of
these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results could differ from original estimates. The accounting policies that most frequently require us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, include the following: – Revenue recognition – Valuation of trade receivables – Accounting for share-based payments – Accounting for income tax – Accounting for business combinations – Subsequent accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets – Accounting for legal contingencies – Recognition of internally generated intangible assets from development Our management periodically discusses these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. Revenue Recognition As described in the Revenue Recognition section of Note (3b), we do
not recognize revenue before the F-15 Table of Contents amount of revenue can be measured reliably and collection of the related receivable is probable. The determination of whether the amount of revenue can be measured reliably or whether the fees
are collectible is inherently judgmental, as it requires estimates as to whether and to what extent subsequent concessions may be granted to customers and whether the customer is expected to pay the contractual fees. The timing and amount of revenue
recognition can vary depending on what assessments have been made. The application of the percentage-of-completion method requires us to make estimates
about total revenue, total cost to complete the project, and the stage of completion. The assumptions, estimates, and uncertainties inherent in determining the stage of completion affect the timing and amounts of revenue recognized. In the accounting for our multiple-element arrangements, we have to determine the following: – Which contracts with the same customer are to be accounted for as one single contract – Which deliverables under one contract are distinct and thus to be accounted for separately – How to allocate the total arrangement fee to the deliverables of one contract The determination of whether different contracts with the same customer are to be accounted for as one contract is highly judgmental, as it requires us to evaluate whether the contracts are negotiated together or
linked in any other way. The timing and amount of revenue recognition can vary depending on whether two contracts are accounted for separately or as one single contract. Under a multiple-element arrangement including a cloud subscription, or on-premise software, and other deliverables, we do not account for the cloud subscription, or on-premise software, and the other deliverables
separately if one of the other deliverables (such as consulting services) is deemed to be essential to the functionality of the cloud subscription or on-premise software. The determination whether an undelivered element is essential to the
functionality of the delivered element requires the use of judgment. The timing and amount of revenue recognition can vary depending on how that judgment is exercised, because revenue may be recognized over a longer service term. In the area of allocating the transaction fee to the different deliverables under the respective customer contract,
judgment is required in the determination of an appropriate fair value measurement which may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized depending on the following: – Whether an appropriate measurement of fair value can be demonstrated for undelivered elements – The approaches used to establish fair value Additionally, our revenue for on-premise software contracts would be significantly different if we applied a revenue allocation policy other than the residual
method. Valuation of Trade Receivables As described in the Trade and Other Receivables section in Note (3b), we account for impairments of trade receivables by recording sales allowances and allowances for doubtful accounts on an individual
receivable basis and on a portfolio basis. The assessment of whether a receivable is collectible is inherently judgmental and requires the use of assumptions about customer defaults that could change significantly. Judgment is required when we
evaluate available information about a particular customer’s financial situation to determine whether it is probable that a credit loss will occur and the amount of such loss is reasonably estimable and thus an allowance for that specific
account is necessary. Basing the general allowance for the remaining receivables on our historical loss experience, too, is highly judgmental, as history may not be indicative of future development. Changes in our estimates about the allowance for
doubtful accounts could materially impact reported assets and expenses, and our profit could be adversely affected if actual credit losses exceed our estimates. Accounting for Share-Based Payments We use certain assumptions in estimating the fair values
for our share-based payments, including expected future share price volatility and expected option life (which represents our estimate of the average amount of time remaining until the options are exercised or expire unexercised). In addition, the
final payout for these plans also depends on our share price at the respective exercise dates. Changes to these assumptions and outcomes that differ from these assumptions could require material adjustments to the carrying amount of the liabilities
we have recognized for these share-based payments. F-16 Table of Contents For the purpose of determining the estimated fair value of our stock options, we believe expected volatility is the
most sensitive assumption. Regarding future payout under our cash-settled plans, the price of SAP stock will be the most relevant factor. Changes in these factors could significantly affect the estimated fair values as calculated by the
option-pricing model, and the future payout. For more information about these plans, see Note (27). Accounting for Income Tax We are subject to changing tax laws in multiple jurisdictions within the countries in which we operate. Our ordinary business activities also
include transactions where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain, such as those involving revenue sharing and cost reimbursement arrangements between SAP Group entities. In addition, the amount of income tax we pay is generally subject to ongoing
audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, judgment is necessary in determining our worldwide income tax provisions. We make our estimates about the ultimate resolution of our tax uncertainties based on current tax laws and our
interpretation thereof. Changes to the assumptions underlying these estimates and outcomes that differ from these assumptions could require material adjustments to the carrying amount of our income tax provisions. The assessment whether a deferred tax asset is impaired requires management judgment, as we need to estimate future taxable profits to determine whether the
utilization of the deferred tax asset is probable. In evaluating our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including the level of historical taxable income and projections for future
taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are recoverable. Our judgment regarding future taxable income is based on assumptions about future market conditions and future profits of SAP. Changes to these assumptions and
outcomes that differ from these assumptions could require material adjustments to the carrying amount of our deferred tax assets. For more information
about our income tax, see Note (10). Accounting for Business Combinations In our accounting for business combinations, judgment is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable, and should be recorded separately from
goodwill. Additionally, estimating the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves considerable management judgment. The necessary measurements are based on information available on the
acquisition date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. These judgments, estimates, and assumptions can materially affect our financial position and profit for several
reasons, including the following: – Fair values assigned to assets subject to depreciation and amortization affect the amounts of depreciation and amortization to be recorded in operating profit in
the periods following the acquisition. – Subsequent negative changes in the estimated fair values of assets may result in additional expense from impairment charges. – Subsequent changes in the estimated fair values of liabilities and provisions may result in additional expense (if increasing the estimated fair value) or
additional income (if decreasing the estimated fair value). Subsequent Accounting for Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets As described in the Intangible Assets section in Note (3b), all of our intangible assets other than goodwill have finite
useful lives. Consequently, the depreciable amount of the intangible assets is amortized on a systematic basis over their useful lives. Judgment is required in determining the following: – The useful life of an intangible asset, as this determination is based on our estimates regarding the period over which the intangible asset is expected to
produce economic benefits to us – The amortization method, as IFRS requires the straight-line method to be used unless we can reliably determine the pattern in which the asset’s future
economic benefits are expected to be consumed by us Both the amortization period and the amortization method have an impact on the
amortization expense that is recorded in each period. In making impairment assessments for our intangible assets and goodwill, the outcome of these
tests is highly dependent on management’s latest estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flow projections and economic risks, which are complex and require significant judgment and assumptions about future developments. They can be
affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business strategy, our internal forecasts, and an estimate of our weighted-average cost of capital. These judgments impact the carrying amounts of our intangible assets and goodwill as well
as the amounts of impairment charges recognized in profit or loss. The outcome of goodwill impairment tests and thus the carrying amounts of our
recognized goodwill may depend on the allocation of goodwill to our operating F-17 Table of Contents segments. This allocation involves judgment as it is based on our estimates regarding which operating segments are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.
Additionally, judgment is required in the determination of our operating segments. Changes to the assumptions underlying our goodwill impairment tests could require material adjustments to the carrying amount of our recognized goodwill. For more
information about the goodwill allocation and impairment testing, see Note (15). Accounting for Legal Contingencies As described in Note (23), we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We review the status of each significant matter
not less frequently than each quarter and assess our potential financial and business exposures related to such matters. Significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a provision is to be recorded and what the appropriate amount
for such provision should be. Notably, judgment is required in the following: – Determining whether an obligation exists – Determining the probability of outflow of economic benefits – Determining whether the amount of an obligation is reliably estimable – Estimating the amount of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation Due to uncertainties relating to these matters, provisions are based on the best information available at the time. At the end of each reporting period, we reassess the potential obligations related to our pending claims and litigation and adjust our respective provisions to
reflect the current best estimate. In addition, we monitor and evaluate new information that we receive after the end of the respective reporting period but before the Consolidated Financial Statements are authorized for issue to determine whether
this provides additional information regarding conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. Changes to the estimates and assumptions underlying our accounting for legal contingencies and outcomes that differ from these estimates and
assumptions could require material adjustments to the carrying amounts of the respective provisions recorded as well as additional provisions. For more information about legal contingencies, see Notes (18b) and (23). Recognition of Internally Generated Intangible Assets from Development We believe that determining whether internally generated intangible assets from development are to be recognized as intangible assets requires significant judgment, particularly in the following areas: – Determining whether activities should be considered research activities or development activities. – Determining whether the conditions for recognizing an intangible asset are met requires assumptions about future market conditions, customer demand, and other
developments. – The term “technical feasibility” is not defined in IFRS, and therefore determining whether the completion of an asset is technically feasible requires
judgment and a company-specific approach. – Determining the future ability to use or sell the intangible asset arising from the development and the determination of the probability of future benefits from
sale or use. – Determining whether a cost is directly or indirectly attributable to an intangible asset and whether a cost is necessary for completing a development. These judgments impact the total amount of intangible assets that we present in our balance sheet as well as the timing of
recognizing development expenses in profit or loss. (3d) New Accounting Standards Adopted in the Current Period No new accounting standards adopted in 2015 had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. (3e) New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted The standards
and interpretations (relevant to the Group) that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the Group’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Group intends to adopt these standards, if applicable, when they become
effective: – On May 28, 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers). The standard becomes effective in fiscal year 2018 with earlier
application permitted. We have not yet completed the determination of the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements, and whether the overall impact will be material, but we expect the standard - for some of our contracts and business models -
to impact the timing of recognizing revenue and the revenue classification. IFRS 15 includes a cohesive set of disclosure requirements which we expect to lead to additional and amended disclosures. The standard foresees two possible transition
methods for the adoption of the new guidance. We have not finally decided yet which of these two methods we intend to apply. – On July 24, 2014, the IASB issued the fourth and final version of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments), which will be applicable in fiscal year 2018 with
earlier application permitted. The new guidance is expected to mainly impact the classification and measurement of financial assets and will result in additional disclosures. We have not yet completed the determination of the impact on our
Consolidated Financial Statements. F-18 Table of Contents – On January 13, 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 (Leases). The standard becomes effective in fiscal year 2019 with earlier application permitted for those
companies that also apply IFRS 15. The new standard is a major revision of lease accounting; whereas the accounting by lessors remains substantially unchanged, the lease accounting by lessees will change significantly as all leases (the
majority of which were “off balance” in the past as they were operating leases) need to be recognized on a company’s balance sheet as assets and liabilities. We have not yet completed the determination of the impact on our
Consolidated Financial Statements. – On January 29, 2016, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7 (Statement of Cash Flows). The standard becomes effective in fiscal year 2017 with earlier
application permitted. The aim of the amendments is to improve the information provided to users of financial statements about an entity’s financing activities and will most likely result in additional disclosures. We have not yet completed the
determination of the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. (4) BUSINESS COMBINATIONS In 2015, we did not conclude any significant business combinations. Prior-year acquisitions are described in our 2014 Consolidated Financial Statements. We have retrospectively adjusted the provisional amounts recognized as at the dates of these acquisitions to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed on the respective acquisition
dates. For more information about significant adjustments, see Notes (10) and (15). (5) REVENUE For detailed information about our revenue recognition policies, see Note (3). For revenue information by geographic region, see Note (28). Revenue from construction contracts (contract revenue) is mainly included in software revenue and services revenue
depending on the type of contract. In 2015, contract revenue of € 292 million was recognized for all our construction contracts (2014: € 285 million, 2013: € 261 million). The status of our construction contracts in progress at the end of the reporting period accounted for under
IAS 11 (Construction Contracts) was as follows: Construction Contracts in Progress € millions 2015 2014 2013 Aggregate cost recognized (multi-year) 294 201 221 Recognized result (+ profit/– loss; multi-year) 20 92 87 (6) RESTRUCTURING € millions 2015 2014 2013 Employee-related restructuring expenses 610 119 57 Onerous contract-related restructuring expenses 11 7 13 Restructuring expenses 621 126 70 To further drive our transition from an on-premise software vendor to a cloud company, we have carried out additional
organizational changes as part of a new restructuring plan, which is intended to minimize cost-intensive and low-growth business activities worldwide. In addition, more redundancies resulted from the integration of our acquired companies. Restructuring provisions primarily include personnel costs that result from severance payments for employee terminations and onerous contract costs.
Prior-year restructuring provisions relate to restructuring activities incurred in connection with the organizational changes triggered by our new cloud and simplification strategy and the integration of employees of our acquisitions. For more
information, see Note (18b). F-19 Table of Contents If not presented separately in our income statement, restructuring expenses would break down by functional area as
follows: Restructuring Expenses by Functional Area € millions 2015 2014 2013 Cost of cloud and software 80 9 12 Cost of services 218 24 14 Research and development 156 24 0 Sales and marketing 147 41 29 General and administration 20 28 15 Restructuring expenses 621 126 70 (7) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE AND HEADCOUNT Employee Benefits Expense € millions 2015 2014 2013 Salaries 7,483 6,319 5,997 Social security expense 1,067 916 857 Share-based payment expense 724 290 327 Pension expense 258 211 212 Employee-related restructuring expense 610 119 57 Termination benefits outside of restructuring plans 28 22 39 Employee benefits expense 10,170 7,877 7,489 Pension expense includes the amounts recorded for our defined benefit and defined contribution plans as described in
Note (18a). Expenses for local state pension plans are included in social security expense. The number of employees in the following table is
broken down by function and by the regions EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), Americas (North America and Latin America), and APJ (Asia Pacific Japan). Number of Employees Full-time equivalents December 31, 2015 December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 EMEA Americas APJ Total EMEA Americas APJ Total EMEA Americas APJ Total Cloud and software 6,095 3,920 4,976 14,991 5,953 3,983 5,138 15,074 4,859 2,861 3,541 11,261 Services 6,980 4,264 3,841 15,085 7,291 4,304 3,044 14,639 7,177 4,406 3,047 14,629 Research and development 9,676 4,233 7,029 20,938 9,049 3,974 5,885 18,908 8,806 3,630 5,367 17,804 Sales and marketing 7,186 7,314 3,706 18,206 7,069 7,288 3,611 17,969 6,346 6,437 3,041 15,824 General and administration 2,434 1,653 937 5,024 2,436 1,643 944 5,023 2,424 1,445 697 4,566 Infrastructure 1,535 783 425 2,743 1,542 879 373 2,794 1,380 790 318 2,488 SAP Group (December 31) 33,906 22,166 20,914 76,986 33,340 22,071 18,995 74,406 30,993 19,568 16,011 66,572 Thereof acquisitions 73 0 0 73 814 2,890 1,831 5,535 511 571 29 1,111 SAP Group (months’ end average) 33,561 21,832 19,788 75,180 31,821 19,797 16,725 68,343 30,238 19,418 15,752 65,409 F-20 Table of Contents Allocation of Share-Based Payment Expense The allocation of expense for share-based payments, net of the effects from hedging these instruments, to the various operating expense items is as follows: Share-Based Payments € millions 2015 2014 2013 Cost of cloud and software 74 28 35 Cost of services 126 53 66 Research and development 166 71 90 Sales and marketing 247 76 96 General and administration 113 62 40 Share-based payments 724 290 327 Thereof cash-settled share-based payments 637 193 240 Thereof equity-settled share-based payments 87 96 87 For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). (8) OTHER NON-OPERATING INCOME/EXPENSE, NET € millions 2015 2014 2013 Foreign currency exchange gain/loss, net – 230 71 4 Thereof from financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 12 83 – 75 Thereof from available for sale financial assets – 1 0 0 Thereof from loans and receivables – 213 – 219 184 Thereof from financial liabilities at amortized cost – 2 226 – 105 Thereof from non-financial assets/liabilities – 3 – 13 0 Miscellaneous income 1 3 1 Miscellaneous expense – 27 – 25 – 22 Other non-operating income/expense, net – 256 49 – 17 (9) FINANCIAL INCOME, NET € millions 2015 2014 2013 Finance income 241 127 115 Thereof available-for-sale financial assets (equity) 176 30 46 Finance costs – 246 – 152 – 181 Thereof interest expense from financial liabilities at amortized cost – 135 – 93 – 131 Thereof interest expense from derivatives – 72 – 28 – 23 Financial income, net – 5 – 25 – 66 (10) INCOME TAX Tax
Expense According to Region € millions 2015 2014 2013 Current tax expense Germany 859 770 836 Foreign 408 422 326 Total current tax expense 1,267 1,192 1,162 Deferred tax expense/income Germany – 74 84 51 Foreign – 258 – 201 – 142 Total deferred tax income – 332 – 117 – 91 Total income tax expense 935 1,075 1,071 Major Components of Tax Expense € millions 2015 2014 2013 Current tax expense/income Tax expense for current year 1,278 1,168 1,249 Taxes for prior years – 11 24 – 87 Total current tax expense 1,267 1,192 1,162 Deferred tax expense/income Origination and reversal of temporary differences – 428 – 126 – 168 Unused tax losses, research and development tax credits, and foreign tax credits 96 9 77 Total deferred tax income – 332 – 117 – 91 Total income tax expense 935 1,075 1,071 F-21 Table of Contents Profit Before Tax € millions 2015 2014 2013 Germany 3,161 3,338 3,126 Foreign 830 1,017 1,270 Total 3,991 4,355 4,396 The following table reconciles the expected income tax expense computed by applying our combined German tax rate of 26.4% (2014:
26.4%; 2013: 26.4%) to the actual income tax expense. Our 2015 combined German tax rate includes a corporate income tax rate of 15.0% (2014: 15.0%; 2013: 15.0%), plus a solidarity surcharge of 5.5% (2014: 5.5%; 2013: 5.5%) thereon, and trade taxes
of 10.6% (2014: 10.6%; 2013: 10.6%). Relationship Between Tax Expense and Profit Before Tax € millions,
 unless otherwise stated 2015 2014 2013 Profit before tax 3,991 4,355 4,396 Tax expense at applicable tax rate of 26.4% (2014: 26.4%; 2013: 26.4%) 1,055 1,151 1,161 Tax effect of: Foreign tax rates – 126 – 117 – 116 Non-deductible expenses 61 63 158 Tax exempt income – 103 – 86 – 146 Withholding taxes 115 111 87 Research and development and foreign tax credits – 31 – 41 – 41 Prior-year taxes – 55 – 10 – 113 Reassessment of deferred tax assets, research and development tax credits, and foreign tax credits 43 41 60 Other – 24 – 37 21 Total income tax expense 935 1,075 1,071 Effective tax rate (in %) 23.4 24.7 24.4 Recognized Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities € millions 2015 2014 Deferred tax assets Intangible assets 99 104 Property, plant, and equipment 24 18 Other financial assets 15 12 Trade and other receivables 64 53 Pension provisions 98 87 Share-based payments 163 107 Other provisions and obligations 431 403 Deferred income 104 76 Carryforwards of unused tax losses 621 752 Research and development and foreign tax credits 187 85 Other 149 172 Total deferred tax assets 1,955 1,869 Deferred tax liabilities Intangible assets 1,234 1,241 Property, plant, and equipment 62 51 Other financial assets 389 623 Trade and other receivables 93 69 Pension provisions 5 4 Share-based payments 4 3 Other provisions and obligations 112 118 Deferred income 40 11 Other 11 9 Total deferred tax liabilities 1,950 2,129 Total deferred tax assets/liabilities, net 5 – 260 We retrospectively adjusted the provisional amounts recognized for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the 2014 business
combinations by a corresponding increase in goodwill in the amount of € 102 million. The adjustments reflect new information obtained
about facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date, mainly about the valuation of the carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries and the utilization of carryforwards of unused tax losses. F-22 Table of Contents Items Not Resulting in a Deferred Tax Asset € millions 2015 2014 2013 Unused tax losses Not expiring 279 140 68 Expiring in the following year 95 63 43 Expiring after the following year 704 672 525 Total unused tax losses 1,078 875 636 Deductible temporary differences 122 96 178 Unused research and development and foreign tax credits Not expiring 34 32 25 Expiring in the following year 0 0 1 Expiring after the following year 20 22 1 Total unused tax credits 54 54 27 € 429 million
(2014: € 441 million; 2013: € 421 million) of the unused tax losses relate to U.S. state tax loss carryforwards. As described above, prior-year numbers for unused
tax losses related to the 2014 business combinations were adjusted, resulting in a decrease in the amount of € 235 million. In 2015, subsidiaries that suffered a tax loss in either the current or the preceding period recognized deferred tax assets in excess of deferred tax
liabilities amounting to € 129 million (2014: € 73 million, 2013: € 61 million), because it is probable that sufficient future taxable
profit will be available to allow the benefit of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. We have not recognized a deferred tax liability on
approximately € 9.95 billion (2014: € 8.87 billion) for undistributed profits of our subsidiaries, because we are in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that such differences will
not reverse in the foreseeable future. The proposed dividend payment of € 1.15 per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, will not have any effects on the income tax of SAP SE. Total Income Tax € millions 2015 2014 2013 Income tax recorded in profit 935 1,075 1,071 Income tax recorded in share premium – 14 – 3 – 5 Income tax recorded in other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit and loss Remeasurements on defined benefit pension plans – 2 – 7 3 Income tax recorded in other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit and loss Available-for-sale financial assets 2 0 0 Cash flow hedges 4 – 10 0 Exchange differences – 16 – 21 8 Total 909 1,034 1,077 We are subject to ongoing tax audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Currently, we are mainly in dispute with the German
and the Brazilian tax authorities. The German dispute is in respect of intercompany financing matters and certain secured capital investments, while the Brazilian dispute is in respect of license fee deductibility. In all cases, we expect that we
will need to initiate litigation to prevail. For all of these matters, we have not recorded a provision as we believe that the tax authorities’ claims have no merit and that no adjustment is warranted. If, contrary to our view, the tax
authorities were to prevail in their arguments before the court, we would expect to have an additional tax expense (including related interest expenses and penalties) of approximately € 1,045 million in total. F-23 Table of Contents (11) EARNINGS PER SHARE € millions,
 unless otherwise stated 2015 2014 2013 Profit attributable to equity holders of SAP SE 3,064 3,280 3,326 Issued ordinary
shares 1) 1,229 1,229 1,229 Effect of treasury
shares 1) –32 –34 –35 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 1) 1,197 1,195 1,193 Dilutive effect of share-based payments 1) 2 3 2 Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 1) 1,198 1,197 1,195 Earnings per share, basic, attributable to equity holders of SAP SE (in € ) 2.56 2.75 2.79 Earnings per share, diluted, attributable to equity holders of SAP SE (in € ) 2.56 2.74 2.78 1) Number of shares in millions (12) OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS € millions 2015 2014 Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Loans and other financial receivables 195 243 437 173 286 459 Debt investments 26 0 26 40 0 40 Equity investments 1 881 882 1 596 597 Available-for-sale financial assets 27 881 908 41 596 637 Derivatives 129 154 283 464 90 554 Investments in associates 0 58 58 0 49 49 Total 351 1,336 1,687 678 1,021 1,699 Loans and Other Financial Receivables Loans and other financial receivables mainly consist of time deposits, investments in pension assets for which the corresponding liability is included in employee-related obligations (see Note (18b)), other
receivables, and loans to employees and third parties. The majority of our loans and other financial receivables are concentrated in the United States. As at December 31, 2015, there were no loans and other financial receivables past due but not impaired. We have no indications of impairments of loans and
other financial receivables that are not past due and not impaired as at the reporting date. For general information about financial risk and the nature of risk, see Note (24). Available-for-Sale Financial Assets Our available-for-sale financial assets consist of debt investments in bonds of mainly financial and non-financial corporations and municipalities and equity investments in listed and unlisted securities, mainly
held in U.S. dollars. For more information about fair value measurement with regard to our equity investments, see Note (26). Derivatives Detailed information about our derivative
financial instruments is presented in Note (25). F-24 Table of Contents (13) TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES € millions 2015 2014 Current Non- Current Total Current Non- Current Total Trade receivables, net 5,198 2 5,199 4,253 2 4,255 Other receivables 77 86 163 89 99 188 Total 5,275 87 5,362 4,342 100 4,443 Carrying Amounts of Trade Receivables € millions 2015 2014 Gross carrying amount 5,428 4,440 Sales allowances charged to revenue – 153 – 134 Allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense – 75 – 52 Carrying amount trade receivables, net 5,199 4,255 The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense were immaterial in all periods presented. Aging of Trade Receivables € millions 2015 2014 Not past due and not individually impaired 3,918 3,362 Past due but not individually impaired Past due 1 to 30 days 473 345 Past due 31 to 120 days 428 339 Past due 121 to 365 days 257 118 Past due over 365 days 38 16 Total past due but not individually impaired 1,196 818 Individually impaired, net of allowances 85 75 Carrying amount of trade receivables, net 5,199 4,255 For more information about financial risk and how we manage it, see Notes (24) and (25). (14) OTHER NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS € millions 2015 2014 Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Prepaid expenses 232 83 315 212 66 277 Other tax assets 113 0 113 101 0 101 Capitalized contract cost 77 250 327 90 99 188 Miscellaneous other assets 46 0 46 33 0 33 Total 468 332 800 435 164 599 Prepaid expenses primarily consist of prepayments for operating leases, support services, and software royalties. F-25 Table of Contents (15) GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS € millions Goodwill Software and Database Licenses Acquired Technology/ IPRD Customer Relationship and Other Intangibles Total Historical cost January 1, 2014 13,785 558 1,929 3,036 19,308 Foreign currency exchange differences 1,242 13 160 297 1,712 Additions from business combinations 6,072 14 540 1,312 7,938 Other additions 0 86 0 2 88 Retirements/disposals 0 – 4 – 42 – 3 – 49 December 31, 2014 21,099 667 2,587 4,644 28,997 Foreign currency exchange differences 1,666 15 204 379 2,264 Additions from business combinations 27 0 6 5 38 Other additions 0 53 0 6 59 Retirements/disposals 0 – 8 – 1 – 1 – 10 December 31, 2015 22,792 727 2,796 5,033 31,348 Accumulated amortization January 1, 2014 95 367 1,071 1,129 2,662 Foreign currency exchange differences 4 7 73 81 165 Additions amortization 0 78 255 282 615 Retirements/disposals 0 – 4 – 42 – 3 – 49 December 31, 2014 99 448 1,357 1,489 3,393 Foreign currency exchange differences 4 10 84 89 187 Additions amortization 0 76 372 361 809 Retirements/disposals 0 – 8 – 1 – 1 – 10 December 31, 2015 103 526 1,812 1,938 4,379 Carrying amount December 31, 2014 21,000 219 1,230 3,155 25,604 December 31, 2015 22,689 201 984 3,095 26,969 The additions, other than from business combinations, to software and database licenses in 2015 and 2014 were
individually acquired from third parties and include cross-license agreements and patents. F-26 Table of Contents Significant Intangible Assets € millions,
 unless otherwise stated Carrying Amount Remaining Useful
Life (in years) 2015 2014 Business Objects – Customer relationships: Maintenance 104 126 6 to 9 Sybase – Acquired technologies 80 149 approx. 1 Sybase – Customer relationships: Maintenance 363 418 8 SuccessFactors – Acquired technologies 149 184 4 SuccessFactors – Customer relationships: Subscription 395 402 10 Ariba – Acquired technologies 137 166 5 Ariba – Customer relationships 525 516 10 to 12 hybris – Acquired technologies 100 128 5 hybris – Customer relationships 127 136 2 to 12 Fieldglass – Acquired technologies 89 96 7 Concur – Acquired technologies 387 445 6 Concur – Customer relationships 1,299 1,233 15 to 19 Total significant intangible assets 3,755 3,999 Goodwill Impairment Testing SAP had two operating segments in 2015 (in 2014, we had a single operating segment). The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to SAP’s operating segments. Goodwill by Operating Segment € millions Applications, Technology & Services SAP Business Network Single Segment (2014) Unallocated Total January 1, 2015, prior to adjustment 0 0 15,412 5,533 20,945 Adjustment 0 0 – 31 86 55 January 1, 2015, after adjustment 0 0 15,381 5,619 21,000 Reallocation due to changes in segment composition 14,401 6,599 – 15,381 – 5,619 0 Additions from business combinations 27 0 0 0 27 Foreign currency exchange differences 1,070 592 0 0 1,662 December 31, 2015 15,497 7,191 0 0 22,689 The amount unallocated on January 1, 2015, relates to the goodwill from the acquisition of Concur in December
2014. Prior-year goodwill amounts have been adjusted by € 55 million relating mainly to tax and non-controlling interest adjustments. For more information, see Note (10). F-27 Table of Contents The key assumptions on which management based its cash flow projections for the period covered by the underlying
business plans are as follows: Key Assumption Basis for Determining Values Assigned to Key Assumption Budgeted revenue growth Revenue growth rate achieved in the current fiscal year, adjusted for an expected increase in SAP’s addressable cloud, mobility, and database
markets; expected growth in the established applications and analytics markets. Values assigned reflect our past experience and our expectations regarding an increase in the addressable markets. Budgeted operating margin Operating margin budgeted for a given budget period equals the operating margin achieved in the current fiscal year, increased by expected
efficiency gains. Values assigned reflect past experience, except for efficiency gains. Pre-tax discount rates Our estimated cash flow projections are discounted to present value using pre-tax discount rates. Pre-tax discount rates are based on the weighted
average cost of capital (WACC) approach. Terminal growth rate Our estimated cash flow projections for periods beyond the business plan were extrapolated using the segment-specific terminal growth rates. These
growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rates for the markets in which our segments operate. Key Assumptions Percent Applications, Technology & Services SAP Business Network Budgeted revenue growth (average of the budgeted period) 4.5 16.2 Pre-tax discount rate 11.7 13.0 Terminal growth rate 3.0 3.0 Applications, Technology & Services The recoverable amounts of the segment have been determined based on value-in-use calculations. The calculations use cash flow projections based on actual operating results and a group-wide five-year business plan
approved by management. We believe that any reasonably possible change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of our
Applications, Technology & Services segment to exceed the recoverable amount. SAP Business Network The recoverable amounts of the segment have been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal calculations. The fair value measurement was categorized as a
level 3 fair value based on the inputs used in the valuation technique. The cash flow projections are based on actual operating results and specific estimates covering a ten-year period and the terminal growth rate thereafter. The calculations use
cash flow projections based on actual operating results and a group-wide five-year business plan approved by management. The projected results were determined based on management’s estimates and are consistent with the assumptions a market
participant would make. The segment operates in a relatively immature area with significant growth rates projected for the near future. We therefore have a longer and more detailed planning period than one would apply in a more mature segment. We are using a target margin of 33% for the segment at the end of the budgeted period as a key assumption, which is within the range of expectations of
market participants (for example, industry analysts). The recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount by € 1,764 million. The following table shows
amounts by which the key assumptions would need to change individually for the recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying amount: Sensitivity to
Change in Assumptions Percentage points SAP Business Network Budgeted revenue growth (average of the budgeted period) – 2.1 Pre-tax discount rate 1.4 Terminal growth rate – 1.7 The recoverable amount for the SAP Business Network segment would equal the carrying amount if a margin of only 27% was achieved
by 2022. F-28 Table of Contents (16) PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT € millions Land and Buildings Other Property, Plant, and Equipment Advance Payments and Construction in Progress Total Carrying amount December 31, 2014 1,010 1,050 42 2,102 December 31, 2015 1,053 1,073 66 2,192 Total additions (other than from business combinations)
amounted to € 580 million (2014: € 629 million) and relate primarily to the replacement and purchase of computer hardware and vehicles acquired in the normal course of business and investments in data centers. (17) TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, FINANCIAL LIABILITIES, AND OTHER NON-FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (17a) Trade and Other Payables € millions 2015 2014 Current Non- Current Total Current Non- Current Total Trade payables 893 0 893 782 0 782 Advance payments received 110 0 110 112 0 112 Miscellaneous other liabilities 85 81 166 138 55 193 Trade and other payables 1,088 81 1,169 1,032 55 1,087 Miscellaneous other liabilities mainly include deferral amounts for free rent periods and liabilities related to
government grants. (17b) Financial Liabilities € millions 2015 2014 Nominal Volume Carrying Amount Nominal Volume Carrying Amount Current Non- Current Current Non- Current Total Current Non- Current Current Non- Current Total Bonds 0 5,750 0 5,733 5,733 631 4,000 631 3,998 4,629 Private placement transactions 551 1,607 551 1,651 2,202 247 1,936 247 1,948 2,195 Bank loans 16 1,250 16 1,245 1,261 1,279 3,000 1,277 2,985 4,261 Financial debt 567 8,607 567 8,628 9,195 2,157 8,936 2,155 8,931 11,086 Derivatives NA NA 70 58 128 NA NA 287 46 333 Other financial liabilities NA NA 204 – 5 199 NA NA 119 4 123 Financial liabilities 841 8,681 9,522 2,561 8,980 11,542 F-29 Table of Contents Financial liabilities are unsecured, except for the retention of title and similar rights customary in our industry.
Effective interest rates on our financial debt (including the effects from interest-rate swaps) were 1.30% in 2015, 1.77% in 2014, and 2.48% in 2013. For an analysis of the contractual cash flows of our financial liabilities based on maturity, see Note (24). For
information about the risk associated with our financial liabilities, see Note (25). For information about fair values, see Note (26). Bonds 2015 2014 Maturity Issue Price Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume (in respective currency in millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) Eurobond 2 – 2010 2017 99.780% 3.50% (fix) 3.59% € 500 488 490 Eurobond 5 – 2012 2015 NA NA NA € 0 0 549 Eurobond 6 – 2012 2019 99.307% 2.125% (fix) 2.29% € 750 774 778 Eurobond 7 – 2014 2018 100.000% 0.208% (var.) 0.23% € 750 749 748 Eurobond 8 – 2014 2023 99.478% 1.125% (fix) 1.24% € 1,000 993 992 Eurobond 9 – 2014 2027 99.284% 1.75% (fix) 1.86% € 1,000 989 990 Eurobond 10 – 2015 2017 100.000% 0.127% (var.) 0.14% € 500 499 0 Eurobond 11 – 2015 2020 100.000% 0.259% (var.) 0.23% € 650 648 0 Eurobond 12 – 2015 2025 99.264% 1.00% (fix) 1.13% € 600 593 0 Eurobonds 5,733 4,547 Other bonds 0 82 Bonds 5,733 4,629 Since September 2012, we have used a debt issuance program to issue bonds in a number of tranches. Currently, the
total volume available under the program (including the amounts issued) is € 8 billion. All of our Eurobonds are listed for trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. F-30 Table of Contents Private Placement Transactions 2015 2014 Maturity Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume (in
respective currency in millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) U.S. private placements Tranche 1 – 2010 2015 NA NA US$0 0 247 Tranche 2 – 2010 2017 2.95% (fix) 3.03% US$200 180 161 Tranche 3 – 2011 2016 2.77% (fix) 2.82% US$600 551 494 Tranche 4 – 2011 2018 3.43% (fix) 3.50% US$150 135 121 Tranche 5 – 2012 2017 2.13% (fix) 2.16% US$242.5 221 197 Tranche 6 – 2012 2020 2.82% (fix) 2.86% US$290 271 238 Tranche 7 – 2012 2022 3.18% (fix) 3.22% US$444.5 426 372 Tranche 8 – 2012 2024 3.33% (fix) 3.37% US$323 318 277 Tranche 9 – 2012 2027 3.53% (fix) 3.57% US$100 100 88 Private placements 2,202 2,195 The U.S. private placement notes were issued by one of our subsidiaries that has the U.S. dollar as its functional
currency. Bank Loans 2015 2014 Maturity Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume (in
respective currency in millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) Carrying Amount (in € millions) Concur term loan – Facility A 2015 NA NA € 0 0 1,268 Concur term loan – Facility B 2017 0.45% (var.) 0.93% € 1,250 1,245 2,984 Other loans INR 1026 16 9 Bank loans 1,261 4,261 Other Financial Liabilities Our current other financial liabilities mainly comprise liabilities for accrued interest and customer funding liabilities amounting to € 90 million (2014: € 58 million). F-31 Table of Contents (17c) Other Non-Financial Liabilities € millions 2015 2014 Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Other employee-related liabilities 2,255 126 2,381 1,979 122 2,101 Share-based payment liabilities 555 205 760 289 97 386 Other taxes 597 0 597 543 0 543 Other non-financial liabilities 3,407 331 3,738 2,811 219 3,030 Other employee-related liabilities mainly relate to vacation accruals, bonus and sales commission accruals, as well
as employee-related social security obligations. For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). Other taxes mainly comprise payroll tax liabilities and value-added tax liabilities. (18) PROVISIONS € millions 2015 2014 Current Non- Current Total Current Non- Current Total Pension plans and similar obligations (see Note (18a)) 0 117 117 2 86 88 Other provisions (see Note (18b)) 299 63 362 148 65 213 Total 299 180 479 150 151 301 (18a) Pension Plans and Similar Obligations Defined Benefit Plans The measurement dates for our domestic and foreign benefit plans are
December 31. Present Value of the Defined Benefit
Obligations (DBO) and the Fair Value of the Plan Assets € millions Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 Present value of the DBO 724 780 333 276 82 46 1,139 1,102 Thereof fully or partially funded plans 724 780 293 239 61 26 1,078 1,045 Thereof unfunded plans 0 0 40 37 21 20 61 57 Fair value of the plan assets 716 767 265 234 42 13 1,023 1,014 Net defined benefit liability (asset) 8 13 69 42 40 33 117 88 Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position: Non-current other financial assets 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Current provisions 0 0 0 – 2 0 0 0 – 2 Non-current provisions – 8 – 13 – 69 – 40 – 40 – 33 – 117 – 86 Total – 8 – 13 – 69 – 42 – 40 – 33 – 117 – 88 F-32 Table of Contents € 664 million (2014: € 714 million) of the present value of the DBO of our domestic plans relate to plans that provide for lump sum payments not based on final
salary, and € 287 million (2014: € 234 million) of the present value of the DBO of our foreign plans relate to plans that provide for annuity payments not based on final salary. The following weighted average assumptions were used for the actuarial valuation of our domestic and foreign pension
liabilities as well as other post-employment benefit obligations as at the respective measurement date: Actuarial Assumptions Percent Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post-Employment Plans 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 Discount rate 2.7 2.2 3.6 0.7 1.1 2.1 4.0 4.2 5.2 Future salary increases 2.5 2.5 2.5 1.7 1.7 1.7 6.3 3.8 4.7 Future pension increases 2.0 2.0 2.0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0.0 Employee turnover 2.0 2.0 2.0 10.3 10.1 9.9 8.7 1.3 2.5 Inflation 2.0 0 0 1.4 1.3 1.3 1.0 1.3 1.1 The sensitivity analysis table shows how the present value of all defined benefit obligations would have been
influenced by reasonable possible changes to above actuarial assumptions. The sensitivity analysis table presented below considers change in one actuarial assumption at a time, holding all other actuarial assumptions constant. A reasonable possible change in actuarial assumptions of 50 basis points in either direction, except for the discount rate assumption, would not materially influence the
present value of all defined benefit obligations. Sensitivity Analysis € millions Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 Present value of all defined benefit obligations if: Discount rate was 50 basis points higher 678 725 585 311 259 217 79 44 32 1,068 1,028 834 Discount rate was 50 basis points lower 775 840 675 359 296 246 87 49 36 1,221 1,185 957 Total Expense of Defined Benefit Pension Plans € millions Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 Current service cost 10 3 7 21 16 15 9 6 3 40 25 25 Interest expense 17 22 19 3 5 4 3 2 1 23 29 24 Interest income – 17 – 23 – 20 – 3 – 5 – 4 – 2 – 1 – 1 – 22 – 29 – 25 Past service cost 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 Total expense 10 3 6 21 16 16 10 7 4 41 26 26 Actual return on plan assets – 76 133 10 0 10 9 2 1 1 – 74 144 20 F-33 Table of Contents Our investment strategy on domestic benefit plans is to invest all contributions in stable insurance policies. Our investment strategies for foreign benefit plans vary according to the conditions in the country in which the respective benefit plans are situated.
Generally, a long-term investment horizon has been adopted for all major foreign benefit plans. Although our policy is to invest in a risk-diversified portfolio consisting of a mix of assets, both the defined benefit obligation and plan assets can fluctuate over time, which exposes the Group to actuarial and market (investment)
risks. Depending on the statutory requirements in each country, it might be necessary to reduce any underfunding by addition of liquid assets. Plan Asset Allocation € millions 2015 2014 Quoted in an Active Market Not Quoted in an Active Market Quoted in an Active Market Not Quoted in an Active Market Asset category Equity investments 93 0 75 0 Corporate bonds 101 0 60 0 Government bonds 5 0 1 0 Real estate 43 0 31 0 Insurance policies 0 736 0 780 Cash and cash equivalents 9 0 41 0 Others 36 0 27 0 Total 287 736 234 780 Our expected contribution in 2016 to our domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans is immaterial. The
weighted duration of our defined benefit plans amounted to 14 years as at December 31, 2015, and 14 years as at December 31, 2014. Total future benefit payments from our defined benefit plans as at December 31, 2015, are expected to be € 1,432 million (2014: € 1,409 million). Eighty-three percent of this amount has maturities of over five years. Maturity Analysis € millions Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post-Employment Plans 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 Less than a year 19 10 26 23 2 2 Between 1 and 2 years 18 17 43 40 2 2 Between 2 and 5 years 65 56 63 58 8 6 Over 5 years 935 983 223 195 28 17 Total 1,037 1,066 355 316 40 27 F-34 Table of Contents Defined Contribution Plans/State Plans We also maintain domestic and foreign defined contribution plans. Amounts contributed by us under such plans are based on a percentage of the employees’
salaries or the amount of contributions made by employees. Furthermore, in Germany and some other countries we make contributions to public pension plans that are operated by national or local government or a similar institution. Total Expense of Defined Contribution Plans and State Plans € millions 2015 2014 2013 Defined contribution plans 218 188 182 State plans 429 360 316 Total expense 647 548 498 (18b) Other Provisions € millions 1/1/ 2015 Addition Accretion Utilization Release Currency Impact 12/31/ 2015 Employee-related provisions 47 59 0 – 46 – 3 1 58 Customer-related provisions 39 91 0 – 71 – 1 3 61 Intellectual property-related provisions 12 5 0 – 1 – 6 1 11 Restructuring provisions 60 638 0 – 496 – 17 – 1 184 Onerous contract provisions (other than from customer contracts) 24 1 2 – 13 – 1 2 15 Other provisions 31 3 0 0 – 2 1 33 Total other provisions 213 797 2 – 627 – 30 7 362 Thereof current 148 299 Thereof non-current 65 63 Intellectual property-related provisions relate to litigation matters. Customer-related provisions relate primarily
to disputes with individual customers. Both classes of provision are described in Note (23). For more information about our restructuring plans,
see Note (6). The cash outflows associated with employee-related restructuring costs are substantially short-term in nature. In 2015, employees
received, under certain restructuring activities, credits to their working time accounts which will allow them to discontinue work earlier than their retirement date. These obligations are classified as employee-related provisions rather than
restructuring provisions. Onerous contract and other provisions comprise facility-related and supplier-related provisions. The timing of these
cash outflows associated is dependent on the remaining term of the underlying lease and of the supplier contract. (19) DEFERRED INCOME Deferred income consists mainly of prepayments made by our customers for cloud subscriptions and support; software support and services; fees from
multiple-element arrangements allocated to undelivered elements; and amounts recorded in purchase accounting at fair value for obligations to perform under acquired contracts in connection with acquisitions. € millions 2015 2014 Current Non- Current Total Current Non- Current Total Deferred Income 2,001 106 2,107 1,680 78 1,758 Thereof deferred revenue from cloud subscriptions and support 957 0 957 689 0 689 F-35 Table of Contents (20) TOTAL EQUITY Issued Capital As at December 31, 2015, SAP SE had issued 1,228,504,232 no-par value bearer shares
(December 31, 2014: 1,228,504,232) with a calculated nominal value of € 1 per share. All the shares issued are fully paid. Change in Issued Capital and Treasury Shares Shares (in millions) Value (in € millions) Issued Capital Treasury Shares Issued Capital Treasury Shares January 1, 2013 1,229 – 37 1,229 – 1,337 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 2 0 57 December 31, 2013 1,229 – 35 1,229 – 1,280 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 2 0 56 December 31, 2014 1,229 – 33 1,229 – 1,224 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 2 0 100 December 31, 2015 1,229 – 31 1,229 – 1,124 Authorized Shares The Articles of Incorporation authorize the Executive Board to increase the issued capital by: – Up to a total amount of € 250 million by
issuing new no-par value bearer shares against contributions in cash until May 19, 2020 (Authorized Capital I). The issuance is subject to the statutory subscription rights of existing shareholders. – Up to a total amount of € 250 million by
issuing new no-par value bearer shares against contributions in cash or in kind until May 19, 2020 (Authorized Capital II). Subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board is authorized to exclude the shareholders’
statutory subscription rights in certain cases. Contingent Shares SAP SE’s share capital is subject to a contingent capital increase which may be effected only to the extent that the holders or creditors of convertible bonds or stock options issued or guaranteed by SAP SE or
any of its directly or indirectly controlled subsidiaries under certain share-based payments exercise their conversion or subscription rights, and no other methods for servicing these rights are used. As at December 31, 2015, € 100 million, representing 100 million shares, was still available for issuance (2014: € 100 million). Other Comprehensive Income Items Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income That Will Be Reclassified to Profit or Loss Before Tax € millions 2015 2014 2013 Gains (losses) on exchange differences 1,845 1,161 – 576 Gains (losses) on remeasuring available-for-sale financial assets 181 130 79 Reclassification adjustments on available-for-sale financial assets – 53 – 2 – 19 Available-for-sale financial assets 128 128 60 Gains (losses) on cash-flow hedges – 59 – 41 78 Reclassification adjustments on cash-flow hedges 74 3 – 78 Cash-flow hedges 15 – 38 0 F-36 Table of Contents Treasury Shares By resolution of SAP SE’s General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 4, 2013, the authorization granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of
June 8, 2010, regarding the acquisition of treasury shares was revoked to the extent it had not been exercised at that time, and replaced by a new authorization of the Executive Board of SAP SE to acquire, on or before June 3, 2018, shares
of SAP SE representing a pro rata amount of capital stock of up to € 120 million in aggregate, provided that the shares purchased
under the authorization, together with any other shares in the Company previously acquired and held by, or attributable to, SAP SE do not account for more than 10% of SAP SE’s issued share capital. Although treasury shares are legally
considered outstanding, there are no dividend or voting rights associated with shares held in treasury. We may redeem or resell shares held in treasury, or we may use treasury shares for the purpose of servicing option or conversion rights under the
Company’s share-based payment plans. Also, we may use shares held in treasury as consideration in connection with mergers with, or acquisitions of, other companies. Dividends The total dividend available for distribution to SAP SE shareholders is based on the profits of SAP
SE as reported in its statutory financial statements prepared under the accounting rules in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Executive
Board intends to propose that a dividend of € 1.15 per share (that is, an estimated total dividend of € 1,378 million), be paid from the profits of SAP SE. Dividends per share for 2014 and 2013 were € 1.10 and € 1.00 respectively and were paid in the succeeding year. (21) ADDITIONAL CAPITAL DISCLOSURES Capital Structure Management The primary objective of our capital structure management is to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and customer confidence, and to support
the growth of our business. We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow us to cover our funding requirements through the capital markets at reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high level of independence, confidence, and
financial flexibility. SAP SE’s long-term credit rating is “A” by Standard and Poor’s and “A2” by Moody’s, both with
stable outlook. Since their initial assignment in September 2014, the ratings and outlooks have not changed. Capital Structure 2015 2014 D in % € millions % of Total equity and liabilities € millions % of Total equity and liabilities Equity 23,295 56 19,534 51 19 Current liabilities 7,867 19 8,574 22 – 8 Non-current liabilities 10,228 25 10,457 27 – 2 Liabilities 18,095 44 19,031 49 – 5 Total equity and liabilities 41,390 100 38,565 100 7 In 2015, we repaid € 1,270 million in bank loans that we had taken to finance the Concur acquisition and refinanced another part of this loan through the issuance of a three-tranche Eurobond of € 1.75 billion in total with maturities of two to 10 years. We also repaid a € 550 million Eurobond and a US$300 million U.S. private placement tranche at their maturity. Thus, the ratio of total financial
debt to total equity and liabilities decreased by seven percentage points to 22% at the end of 2015 (29% as at December 31, 2014). Total financial debt consists of current and non-current bank loans, bonds, and private placements. For more
information about our financial debt, see Note (17). As part of our financing activities in 2016, the Company intends to repay a
US$600 million U.S. private placement tranche when it matures and a further substantial portion of our outstanding bank loans. F-37 Table of Contents While we continuously monitor the ratios presented in and below the table above, we actively manage our liquidity and
structure of our financial indebtedness: Group Liquidity of SAP Group € millions 2015 2014 D Cash and cash equivalents 3,411 3,328 83 Current investments 148 95 53 Group liquidity 3,559 3,423 136 Current financial debt – 567 – 2,157 1,590 Net liquidity 1 2,992 1,266 1,726 Non-current financial debt – 8,607 – 8,936 329 Net liquidity 2 – 5,615 – 7,670 2,055 Distribution Policy Our
general intention is to remain in a position to return liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends totaling more than 35% of our profit after tax. There are currently no plans for future share buybacks. In 2015, we distributed € 1,316 million in
dividends from our 2014 profit (compared to € 1,194 million in 2014 and € 1,013 million in 2013 related to 2013 and 2012 profit, respectively), representing € 1.10 per share. As a result of our
equity-settled share-based payments transactions (as described in Note (27)), we have commitments to grant SAP shares to employees. We intend to meet these commitments by reissuing treasury shares or issuing ordinary shares. For more
information about contingent capital, see Note (20). (22) OTHER FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS € millions 2015 2014 Operating leases 1,347 1,332 Contractual obligations for acquisition of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets 162 111 Other purchase obligations 710 748 Purchase obligations 872 859 Capital contribution commitments 111 77 Total 2,330 2,268 Our operating leases relate primarily to the lease of office space, hardware, and vehicles, with remaining non-cancelable lease
terms between less than one and 33 years. On a limited scale, the operating lease contracts include escalation clauses (based, for example, on the consumer price index) and renewal options. The contractual obligations for acquisition of
property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets relate primarily to the construction of new and existing facilities and to the purchase of hardware, software, patents, office equipment, and vehicles. The remaining obligations relate mainly to
marketing, consulting, maintenance, license agreements, and other third-party agreements. Historically, the majority of such purchase obligations have been realized. SAP invests and holds interests in other entities. As of December 31, 2015, total commitments to make such equity investments amounted to € 197 million (2014: € 123 million) of which € 86 million had been drawn (2014: € 46 million). By investing in such equity investments, we are exposed to the risks inherent in the business segments in which these
entities operate. Our maximum exposure to loss is the amount invested plus unavoidable future capital contributions. € millions December 31, 2015 Operating Leases Purchase Obligations Capital Contribution Commitments Due 2016 294 428 111 Due 2017 to 2020 657 378 0 Due thereafter 396 66 0 Total 1,347 872 111 Our rental and operating lease expenses were € 386 million, € 291 million, and € 273 million for the years 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. F-38 Table of Contents (23) LITIGATION AND CLAIMS We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, including proceedings and claims that relate to companies we have acquired, claims that relate
to customers demanding indemnification for proceedings initiated against them based on their use of SAP software, and claims that relate to customers being dissatisfied with the products and services that we have delivered to them. We will continue
to vigorously defend against all claims and lawsuits against us. We currently believe that resolving the claims and lawsuits pending as of December 31, 2015, will neither individually nor in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit, or cash flows. Consequently, the provisions recorded for these claims and lawsuits as of December 31, 2015, are neither individually nor in the aggregate material to SAP. However, the outcome of litigation and claims is intrinsically subject to considerable uncertainty. Management’s view of the litigation may also change in the
future. Actual outcomes of litigation and claims may differ from the assessments made by management in prior periods, which could result in a material impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, or reputation. Most of the
lawsuits and claims are of a very individual nature and claims are either not quantified by the claimants or claim amounts quantified are, based on historical evidence, not expected to be a good proxy for the expenditure that would be required to
settle the case concerned. The specifics of the jurisdictions where most of the claims are located further impair the predictability of the outcome of the cases. Therefore, it is not practicable to reliably estimate the financial effect that these
lawsuits and claims would have if SAP were to incur expenditure for these cases. Among the claims and lawsuits are the following classes: Intellectual Property-Related Litigation and Claims Intellectual property-related litigation and claims are cases in which third parties have threatened or initiated litigation claiming that SAP violates one or more
intellectual property rights that they possess. Such intellectual property rights may include patents, copyrights, and other similar rights. The
carrying amount of the provisions recognized for intellectual property-related litigation and claims and the change in the carrying amount in the reporting period are disclosed in Note (18b). The expected timing of any resulting outflows of
economic benefits from these lawsuits and claims is uncertain and not estimable as it depends generally on the duration of the legal proceedings and settlement negotiations required to resolve them. Uncertainties about the amounts result primarily from the unpredictability of the outcomes of legal disputes in several jurisdictions. For more information, see Note (3c). Contingent liabilities exist from intellectual property-related litigation and claims for which no provision has been recognized. Generally, it is not practicable to estimate the financial impact of these
contingent liabilities due to the uncertainties around the litigation and claims, as outlined above. The total amounts claimed by plaintiffs in those intellectual property-related lawsuits or claims in which a claim has been quantified were not
material to us as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. Based on our past experience, most of the intellectual property-related litigation and claims tend to be either dismissed in court or settled out of court for amounts significantly below the
originally claimed amounts and not material to our consolidated financial statements. Only a few cases (specifically the TomorrowNow and the Versata litigation) ultimately resulted in a significant cash outflow in 2014. The individual cases of intellectual property-related litigation and claims are: In April 2007, United States-based Versata Software, Inc. (formerly Trilogy Software, Inc.) (Versata) instituted legal proceedings in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against SAP.
Versata alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims in patents held by Versata. In August 2014, after numerous legal proceedings (for details, see our Annual Report 2014 on Form 20–F, Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Note (24)), Versata and SAP entered into a Patent License and Settlement Agreement (the “Agreement”) to settle the patent litigation between the companies. Under the terms of the Agreement, Versata has licensed to
SAP certain patents in exchange for a one-time cash payment and a potential additional contingent payment. Such contingent payment is not material to SAP. The Agreement also provides for general releases, indemnification for its violation, and
dismisses the existing litigation with prejudice. In February 2010, United States-based TecSec, Inc. (TecSec) instituted legal proceedings in the
United States against SAP (including its subsidiary Sybase) and many other defendants. TecSec alleged that SAP’s and Sybase’s products infringe one or more of the claims in five patents held by TecSec. In its complaint, TecSec seeks
unspecified monetary damages and permanent injunctive relief. The lawsuit is proceeding but only with respect to one defendant. The trial for SAP (including its subsidiary Sybase) has not yet been scheduled – the lawsuit for SAP (including its
subsidiary Sybase) remains stayed. F-39 Table of Contents In April 2010, SAP instituted legal proceedings (a declaratory judgment action) in the United States against
Wellogix, Inc. and Wellogix Technology Licensing, LLC (Wellogix). The lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment that five patents owned by Wellogix are invalid or not infringed by SAP. The trial has not yet been scheduled. The legal proceedings have been
stayed pending the outcome of six reexaminations filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). In September 2013, the USPTO issued a decision on four of the six reexaminations, invalidating every claim of each of the four
patents. SAP is awaiting a decision on the two remaining reexamination requests. In response to SAP’s patent Declaratory Judgment action, Wellogix has re-asserted trade secret misappropriation claims against SAP (which had previously been
raised and abandoned). The court granted SAP’s motion for an early dispositive decision on the trade secret claims; Wellogix’s appeal of that decision is pending. In February 2015, SAP filed a declaratory judgment action in Frankfurt/Main,
Germany, asking the German court to rule that SAP did not misappropriate any Wellogix trade secrets. Customer-Related Litigation and Claims Customer-related litigation and claims include cases in which we indemnify our customers against liabilities arising from a claim that our products
infringe a third party’s patent, copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights. Occasionally, consulting or software implementation projects result in disputes with customers. Where customers are dissatisfied with the products and
services that we have delivered to them in routine consulting contracts or development arrangements, we may grant functions or performance guarantees. The carrying amount of the provisions recorded for customer-related litigation and claims and the development of the carrying amount in the reporting period are
disclosed in Note (18b). The expected timing or amounts of any resulting outflows of economic benefits from these lawsuits and claims is uncertain and not estimable as they generally depend on the duration of the legal proceedings and
settlement negotiations required to resolve the litigation and claims and the unpredictability of the outcomes of legal disputes in several jurisdictions. For more information, see Note (3c). Contingent liabilities exist from customer-related litigation and claims for which no provision has been recognized. Generally, it is not practicable to estimate
the financial impact of these contingent liabilities due to the uncertainties around these lawsuits and claims outlined above. Non-Income Tax-Related Litigation and Claims We are subject to ongoing audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Along with many other companies operating in Brazil, we are involved in various proceedings with Brazilian authorities regarding assessments
and litigation matters on non-income taxes on intercompany royalty payments and intercompany services. The total potential amount related to these matters for all applicable years is approximately € 75 million. We have not recorded a provision for these matters, as we believe that we will prevail. For more information about income tax-related litigation, see Note (10). (24) FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS We are exposed to various financial risks, such as market risks (including
foreign currency exchange rate risk, interest-rate risk, and equity price risk), credit risk, and liquidity risk. Market Risk a) Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk As we
are active worldwide, our ordinary operations are subject to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currencies. Since the Group’s entities mainly conduct their operating business in their own functional currencies, our risk of exchange
rate fluctuations from ongoing ordinary operations is not considered significant. However, we occasionally generate foreign currency-denominated receivables, payables, and other monetary items by transacting in a currency other than the functional
currency. To mitigate the extent of the associated foreign currency exchange rate risk, the majority of these transactions are hedged as described in Note (25). In rare circumstances, transacting in a currency other than the functional currency also leads to embedded foreign currency derivatives being separated and measured at fair value through profit or loss. In addition, the intellectual property (IP) holders in the SAP Group are exposed to risks associated with forecasted intercompany cash flows in foreign currencies.
These cash flows arise out of royalty payments from subsidiaries to the respective IP holder. The royalties are linked to the subsidiaries’ external revenue. This arrangement leads to a concentration of the foreign currency exchange rate risk
with the IP holders, as the royalties are mostly denominated in the subsidiaries’ local currencies, while the functional currency of the IP holders with the highest royalty volume is the euro. The highest foreign currency exchange rate exposure
of this kind relates to the F-40 Table of Contents currencies of subsidiaries with significant operations, for example the U.S. dollar, the pound sterling, the Japanese yen, the Swiss franc, the Brazilian real, and the Australian dollar. Generally, we are not exposed to any significant foreign currency exchange rate risk with regard to our investing and financing activities, as such
activities are normally conducted in the functional currency of the investing or borrowing entity. However, we were exposed to a cash flow risk from the consideration to be paid in U.S. dollars for the acquisition of Concur and Fieldglass in 2014, as the funds were provided through our free cash and acquisition term loans, both
mostly generated in euros. For more information, see Note (25). b) Interest-Rate Risk We are exposed to interest-rate risk as a result of our investing and financing activities mainly in euros and U.S. dollars as follows: € millions 2015 2014 Cash Flow Risk Fair Value Risk Cash Flow Risk Fair Value Risk Investing activities 3,078 480 2,445 1,003 Financing activities 3,157 6,038 5,009 6,077 c) Equity Price Risk We are exposed to equity price risk with regard to our investments in listed equity securities (2015: € 320 million; 2014: € 209 million) and our share-based payments (for the exposure from these plans, see Note (27)). Credit Risk To reduce the credit risk in investments, we
arrange to receive rights to collateral for certain investing activities in the full amount of the investment volume, which we would be allowed to make use of only in the case of default of the counterparty to the investment. In the absence of other
significant agreements to reduce our credit risk exposure, the total amounts recognized as cash and cash equivalents, current investments, loans and other financial receivables, trade receivables, and derivative financial assets represent our
maximum exposure to credit risks, except for the agreements mentioned above. Liquidity Risk The table below is an analysis of the remaining contractual maturities of all our financial liabilities held at December 31, 2015. Financial liabilities for
which repayment can be requested by the contract partner at any time are assigned to the earliest possible period. Variable interest payments were calculated using the latest relevant interest rate fixed as at December 31, 2015. As we generally
settle our derivative contracts gross, we show the pay and receive legs separately for all our currency and interest-rate derivatives, whether or not the fair value of the derivative is negative, except for the derivative forward contracts entered
into in connection with the acquisition of Concur, where we bought and sold US$8.5 billion because we settled those net. The cash outflows for the currency derivatives are translated using the applicable forward rate. For more information about the cash flows for unrecognized but contractually agreed financial commitments, see Note (22). Contractual Maturities of Non-Derivative
Financial Liabilities € millions Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows 12/31/2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Thereafter Trade payables – 893 – 893 0 0 0 0 0 Financial liabilities – 9,395 – 863 – 2,778 – 980 – 836 – 986 – 3,683 Total of non-derivative financial liabilities – 10,288 – 1,756 – 2,778 – 980 – 836 – 986 – 3,683 F-41 Table of Contents € millions Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows 12/31/2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Thereafter Trade payables – 782 – 782 0 0 0 0 0 Financial liabilities – 11,209 – 2,377 – 625 – 3,976 – 958 – 827 – 3,262 Total of non-derivative financial liabilities – 11,990 – 3,159 – 625 – 3,976 – 958 – 827 – 3,262 Contractual Maturities of Derivative Financial Liabilities and Financial Assets € millions Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows 12/31/2015 2016 Thereafter 12/31/2014 2015 Thereafter Derivative financial liabilities Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments –117 –310 Cash outflows –2,896 –58 –4,110 –44 Cash inflows 2,834 0 3,836 0 Currency derivatives designated as hedging instruments –10 –22 Cash outflows –489 0 –487 0 Cash inflows 475 0 464 0 Interest-rate derivatives designated as hedging instruments 0 –1 Cash outflows 0 0 –7 –24 Cash inflows 0 0 9 19 Total of derivative financial liabilities –128 –76 –58 –333 –295 –49 Derivative financial assets Currency derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 69 411 Cash outflows –3,010 0 –1,236 0 Cash inflows 3,073 0 1,656 0 Currency derivatives designated as hedging instruments 14 10 Cash outflows –266 0 –162 0 Cash inflows 275 0 163 0 Interest-rate derivatives designated as hedging instruments 100 77 Cash outflows –43 –225 –34 –293 Cash inflows 77 300 62 313 Total of derivative financial assets 183 106 75 498 449 20 Total of derivative financial liabilities and assets 55 30 17 165 154 –29 F-42 Table of Contents (25) FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT We manage market risks (including foreign currency exchange rate risk, interest-rate risk, and equity price risk), credit risk, and liquidity risk on a Group-wide basis through our global treasury department. Our
risk management and hedging strategy is set by our treasury guideline and other internal guidelines, and is subject to continuous internal risk analysis. Derivative financial instruments are only purchased to reduce risks and not for speculation,
which is defined as entering into derivative instruments without a corresponding underlying transaction. In the following sections we provide details
on the management of each respective financial risk and our related risk exposure. In the sensitivity analyses that show the effects of hypothetical changes of relevant risk variables on profit or other comprehensive income, we determine the
periodic effects by relating the hypothetical changes in the risk variables to the balance of financial instruments at the reporting date. Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk Management We continually monitor our exposure to currency fluctuation risks based on monetary items and forecasted
transactions and pursue a Group-wide strategy to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk, using derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts, as appropriate, with the primary aim of reducing profit or loss
volatility. Currency Hedges Not Designated as Hedging Instruments The foreign exchange forward contracts we enter into to offset exposure relating to foreign-currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are not designated as being in a hedge accounting relationship, see Note (3a) . Currency hedges not designated as hedging instruments also include foreign currency derivatives embedded in non-derivative host
contracts that are separated and accounted for as derivatives according to the requirements of IAS 39 (Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement). In addition, during 2014 we held foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign currency options to hedge the cash flow risk from the consideration paid in U.S. dollars for the acquisition of Concur. Currency Hedges Designated as Hedging Instruments (Cash Flow Hedges) We enter into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts, to hedge significant forecasted cash flows (royalties) from foreign subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies with a defined set of hedge ratios and a hedge horizon of up to 12 months. Specifically, we
exclude the interest component and only designate the spot rate of the foreign exchange forward contracts as the hedging instrument to offset anticipated cash flows relating to the subsidiaries with significant operations. We generally use foreign
exchange derivatives that have maturities of 12 months or less, which may be rolled over to provide continuous coverage until the applicable royalties are received. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, no previously highly probable transaction designated as a hedged item in a foreign currency cash flow hedge relationship ceased to be probable. Therefore, we did
not discontinue any of our cash flow hedge relationships. Also, we identified no ineffectiveness in all years reported. Generally, the cash flows of the hedged forecasted transactions are expected to occur and to be recognized in profit or loss
monthly within a time frame of 12 months from the date of the statement of financial position. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate
Exposure In line with our internal risk reporting process, we use the cash flow-at-risk method to quantify our risk positions with regard to our
forecasted intercompany transactions and value-at-risk for our foreign-currency denominated financial instruments. In order not to provide two different methodologies, we have opted to disclose our risk exposure based on a sensitivity analysis
considering the following: – The SAP Group’s entities generally operate in their functional currencies. In exceptional cases and limited economic environments, operating transactions
are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency, leading to a foreign currency exchange rate risk for the related monetary instruments. Where material, this foreign currency exchange rate risk is hedged. Therefore, fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates neither have a significant impact on profit nor on other comprehensive income with regard to our non-derivative monetary financial instruments and related income or expenses. – Our free-standing derivatives designed for hedging foreign currency exchange rate risks almost completely balance the changes in the fair values of the hedged
item attributable to exchange rate movements in the Consolidated Income Statements in the same period. As a consequence, the hedged items and the hedging instruments are not exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks, and thereby have no effect
on profit. F-43 Table of Contents Consequently, we are only exposed to significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations with regard to the
following: – Derivatives held within a designated cash flow hedge relationship (excluding the interest element, which is not part of the assigned cash flow hedge
relationships) affecting other comprehensive income – Foreign currency embedded derivatives affecting other non-operating expense, net. We calculate our sensitivity on an upward/downward shift of +/–25% of the foreign currency exchange rate between euro and Brazil real and +/–10% of the foreign currency exchange rate between euro and all
other major currencies (2014: upward shift for Swiss franc +20%, all other major currencies +10%, downward shift for all major currencies –10%; 2013: upward/downward shift of +/–10% for all major currencies). If on December 31, 2015,
2014, and 2013, the foreign currency exchange rates had been higher/lower as described above, this would not have had a material effect on other non-operating expense, net and other comprehensive income. Our foreign currency exposure as at December 31 (and if year-end exposure is not representative, also our average/high/low exposure) was as follows: Foreign Currency Exposure € billions 2015 2014 Year-end exposure toward all our major currencies 1.0 1.0 Average exposure 1.1 2.7 Highest exposure 1.2 7.7 Lowest exposure 1.0 1.0 During 2015, our sensitivity to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased compared to the year ended December 31,
2014, mainly due to the hedging transactions for the acquisition of Concur in 2014. Interest-Rate Risk Management The aim of our interest-rate risk management is to reduce profit or loss volatility and optimize our interest result by creating a balanced structure of fixed and
variable cash flows. We therefore manage interest-rate risks by adding interest-rate-related derivative instruments to a given portfolio of investments and debt financing. Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments (Fair Value Hedges) The majority of our
investments are based on variable rates and/or short maturities (2015: 87%; 2014: 71%) while most of our financing transactions are based on fixed rates and long maturities (2015: 66%; 2014: 55%). To match the interest-rate risk from our financing transactions to our investments, we use receiver interest-rate swaps to convert certain
fixed rate financial liabilities to floating, and by this means secure the fair value of the swapped financing transactions. The desired fix-floating mix of our net debt is set by the Treasury Committee. Including interest-rate swaps, 36% (2014:
30%) of our total interest-bearing financial liabilities outstanding as at December 31, 2015, had a fixed interest rate. None of the fair value
adjustment from the receiver swaps, the basis adjustment on the underlying hedged items held in fair value hedge relationships, and the difference between the two recognized in financial income, net is material in any of the years presented. Interest-Rate Exposure A
sensitivity analysis is provided to show the impact of our interest-rate risk exposure on profit or loss and equity in accordance with IFRS 7, considering the following: – Changes in interest rates only affect the accounting for non-derivative fixed rate financial instruments if they are recognized at fair value. Therefore, such
interest-rate changes do not change the carrying amounts of our non-derivative fixed rate financial liabilities as we account for them at amortized cost. Investments in fixed rate financial assets classified as available-for-sale were not material
at each year end reported. Thus, we do not consider any fixed rate instruments in the equity-related sensitivity calculation. – Income or expenses recorded in connection with non-derivative financial instruments with variable interest rates are subject to interest-rate risk if they are
not hedged items in an effective hedge relationship. Thus, we take into consideration interest-rate changes relating to our variable rate financing and our investments in money market instruments in the profit-related sensitivity calculation. The designation of interest-rate receiver swaps in a fair value hedge relationship leads to interest-rate changes affecting financial
income, net. The fair value movements related to the interest-rate swaps are not reflected in the sensitivity calculation, as they offset the fixed interest-rate payments for the bonds and private placements as hedged items. However, changes in
market interest rates affect the amount of interest payments from the interest-rate swap. As a consequence, those effects of market interest rates on interest payments are included in the profit-related sensitivity calculation. Due to the different interest-rate expectations for the U.S. dollar and the euro area, we base our sensitivity analyses on a yield curve upward shift of +100/+50
basis F-44 Table of Contents points for the U.S. dollar/euro area (2014: +100/+50 basis points for the U.S. dollar/euro area; 2013: +100 bps) and a yield curve downward shift of –50 basis points for both the U.S.
dollar/euro area (2014: –50 bps; 2013: –20 bps). If, on December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, interest rates had been higher/lower as described above, this would
not have had a material effect on financial income, net for our variable interest-rate investments and would have had the following effects on financial income, net. Interest-Rate Sensitivity € millions Effects on Financial Income, Net 2015 2014 2013 Derivatives held within a designated fair value hedge relationship Interest rates +100 bps in U.S. dollar area/+50 bps in euro
area (2014: +100 bps in U.S. dollar area/+50 bps in euro area; 2013: +100 bps in U.S. dollar/euro area) –105 –116 –24 Interest rates –50 bps in U.S. dollar/euro area (2014: –50 bps in U.S. dollar/euro area; 2013: –20 bps in U.S. dollar/euro area) 62 70 5 Variable rate financing Interest rates +50 bps in euro area –39 –65 0 Interest rates –50 bps in euro area 19 65 0 Our interest-rate exposure as at December 31 (and if year-end exposure is not representative, also our
average/high/low exposure) was as follows: Interest-Rate Risk Exposure € billion 2015 2014 Year-End Average High Low Year-End Average High Low Fair value interest-rate risk From investments 0.03 0.05 0.07 0.03 0.04 0.05 0.08 0.04 Cash flow interest-rate risk From investments (including cash) 3.08 3.09 3.37 2.62 2.45 2.48 2.74 2.13 From financing 3.16 3.73 4.63 3.16 5.03 0.75 5.03 0 From interest-rate swaps 2.69 2.67 2.74 2.64 2.55 2.44 2.55 2.39 Equity Price Risk Management Our investments in equity instruments with quoted market prices in active markets (2015: € 320 million; 2014: € 209 million) are monitored based on the current market value that is affected by the fluctuations in the volatile stock markets
worldwide. An assumed 20% increase (decrease) in equity prices as at December 31, 2015 (2014), would not have a material impact on the value of our investments in marketable equity securities and the corresponding entries in other comprehensive
income. We are exposed to equity price risk with regard to our share-based payments. In order to reduce resulting profit or loss volatility, we hedge
certain cash flow exposures associated with these plans through the purchase of derivative instruments, but do not establish a designated hedge relationship. In our sensitivity analysis we include the underlying
share-based payments and the hedging instruments. Thus, we base the calculation on our net exposure to equity prices as we believe taking only the derivative instrument into account would not properly reflect our equity price risk exposure. An
assumed 20% increase (decrease) in equity prices as at December 31, 2015, would have increased (decreased) our share-based payment expenses by € 200 million ( € 198 million) (2014: increased by € 158 million (decreased by € 80 million); 2013: increased by € 126 million (decreased by € 90 million)). F-45 Table of Contents Credit Risk Management To mitigate the credit risk from our investing activities and derivative financial assets, we conduct all our activities only with approved major financial institutions and issuers that carry high external ratings,
as required by our internal treasury guideline. Among its stipulations, the guideline requires that we invest only in assets from issuers with a minimum rating of at least “BBB flat”. We only make investments in issuers with a lower rating
in exceptional cases. Such investments were not material in 2015. The weighted average rating of our financial assets is in the range A+ to A. We pursue a policy of cautious investments characterized by predominantly current investments, standard
investment instruments, as well as a wide portfolio diversification by doing business with a variety of counterparties. To further reduce our credit
risk, we require collateral for certain investments in the full amount of the investment volume which we would be allowed to make use of in the case of default of the counterparty to the investment. As such collateral, we only accept bonds with at
least investment grade rating level. In addition, the concentration of credit risk that exists when counterparties are involved in similar activities
by instrument, sector, or geographic area is further mitigated by diversification of counterparties throughout the world and adherence to an internal limit system for each counterparty. This internal limit system stipulates that the business volume
with individual counterparties is restricted to a defined limit, which depends on the lowest official long-term credit rating available by at least one of the major rating agencies, the Tier 1 capital of the respective financial institution, or
participation in the German Depositors’ Guarantee Fund or similar protection schemes. We continuously monitor strict compliance with these counterparty limits. As the premium for credit default swaps mainly depends on market participants’
assessments of the creditworthiness of a debtor, we also closely observe the development of credit default swap spreads in the market to evaluate probable risk developments to timely react to changes if these should manifest. The default risk of our trade receivables is managed separately, mainly based on assessing the creditworthiness of customers through external ratings and our past
experience with the customers concerned. Outstanding receivables are continuously monitored locally. For more information, see Note (3). The impact of default on our trade receivables from individual customers is mitigated by our large customer
base and its distribution across many different industries, company sizes, and countries worldwide. For more information about our trade receivables, see Note (13). For information about the maximum exposure to credit risk, see Note (24). Liquidity Risk Management Our liquidity is managed by our global treasury department with the primary aim of maintaining liquidity at a level that is adequate to meet our financial obligations. Generally, our primary source of liquidity is funds generated from our business operations. The majority of our subsidiaries pool their cash surplus to our global
treasury department, which then arranges to fund other subsidiaries’ requirements or invest any net surplus in the market. With this strategy we seek to optimize yields, while ensuring liquidity, by investing only with counterparties and
issuers of high credit quality, as explained above. Hence, high levels of liquid assets and marketable securities provide a strategic reserve, helping keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. Apart from effective working capital and cash management, we have reduced the liquidity risk inherent in managing our day-to-day operations and meeting our
financing responsibilities by arranging an adequate volume of available credit facilities with various financial institutions on which we can draw if necessary. In order to retain high financial flexibility, on November 13, 2013, SAP SE entered into a € 2.0 billion syndicated credit facility agreement with an initial term of five years plus two one-year extension options. In 2015,
the original term of this facility was extended for an additional period of one year to November 2020. The use of the facility is not restricted by any financial covenants. Borrowings under the facility bear interest of EURIBOR or LIBOR for the
respective currency plus a margin of 22.5 basis points. We are also required to pay a commitment fee of 7.88 basis points per annum on the unused available credit. We have never drawn on the facility. Additionally, as at December 31, 2015, and 2014, SAP SE had available lines of credit totaling € 471 million and € 471 million, respectively. As at December 31, 2015, and 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under these lines of credit. (26) ADDITIONAL FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Fair Value of Financial Instruments We use various types of financial instrument in the ordinary course of
business, which are classified as either: loans and receivables (L&R), available-for-sale (AFS), held-for-trading (HFT), or amortized cost (AC). For those financial instruments measured at fair value or for which fair value must be disclosed, we
have categorized the financial instruments into a three-level fair value hierarchy depending on the inputs used to determine fair value and their significance for the valuation techniques. F-46 Table of Contents Fair Values of Financial Instruments and Classification Within the Fair Value Hierarchy € millions Category December 31, 2015 Carrying Amount Measurement Categories Fair Value At Amortized Cost At Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash and cash
equivalents 1) L&R 3,411 3,411 Trade and other receivables 5,362 Trade
receivables 1) L&R 5,199 5,199 Other
receivables 2) — 163 Other financial assets 1,687 Available-for-sale financial assets Debt investments AFS 26 26 26 26 Equity investments AFS 882 882 299 21 562 882 Investments in
associates 2) — 58 Loans and other financial receivables Financial instruments related to employee benefit plans 2) — 121 Other loans and other financial receivables L&R 316 316 316 316 Derivative assets Designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts — 14 14 14 14 Interest-rate swaps — 100 100 100 100 Not designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts HFT 69 69 69 69 Call options for share-based payments HFT 94 94 94 94 Call option on equity shares HFT 6 6 6 6 F-47 Table of Contents Fair Values of Financial Instruments and Classification Within the Fair Value Hierarchy € millions Category December 31, 2015 Carrying Amount Measurement Categories Fair Value At Amortized Cost At Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities Trade and other payables –1,169 Trade
payables 1) AC –893 –893 Other
payables 2) — –276 Financial liabilities –9,522 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans AC –1,261 –1,261 –1,261 –1,261 Bonds AC –5,733 –5,733 –5,825 –5,825 Private placements AC –2,202 –2,202 –2,288 –2,288 Other non-derivative financial liabilities AC –199 –199 –199 –199 Derivatives Designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts — –10 –10 –10 –10 Interest-rate swaps — 0 0 0 0 Not designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts HFT –117 –117 –117 –117 Total financial instruments, net –232 –1,361 1,064 –5,500 –3,261 568 –8,192 F-48 Table of Contents Fair Values of Financial Instruments and Classification Within the Fair Value Hierarchy € millions Category December 31, 2014 Carrying Amount Measurement Categories Fair Value At Amortized Cost At Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 1) L&R 3,328 3,328 Trade and other receivables 4,443 Trade receivables 1) L&R 4,255 4,255 Other receivables 2) — 188 Other financial assets 1,699 Available-for-sale financial assets Debt investments AFS 40 40 40 40 Equity investments AFS 597 597 108 101 388 597 Investments in associates 2) — 49 Loans and other financial receivables Financial instruments related to employee benefit plans 2) — 136 Other loans and other financial receivables L&R 324 324 324 324 Derivative assets Designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts — 10 10 10 10 Interest-rate swaps — 77 77 77 77 Not designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts HFT 411 411 411 411 Call options for share-based payments HFT 43 43 43 43 Call option on equity shares HFT 13 13 13 13 Liabilities Trade and other payables – 1,087 Trade payables 1) AC – 782 – 782 Other payables 2) — – 305 Financial liabilities – 11,542 Non-derivative financial liabilities Loans AC – 4,261 – 4,261 – 4,261 – 4,261 Bonds AC – 4,629 – 4,629 – 4,811 – 4,811 Private placements AC – 2,195 – 2,195 – 2,301 – 2,301 Other non-derivative financial liabilities AC – 123 – 123 – 123 – 123 Derivatives Designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts — – 22 – 22 – 22 – 22 Interest-rate swaps — – 1 – 1 – 1 – 1 Not designated as hedging instrument FX forward contracts HFT – 310 – 310 – 310 – 310 Total financial instruments, net – 3,159 – 4,084 858 – 4,663 – 6,053 400 – 10,315 1) We do not separately disclose the
fair value for cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and accounts payable as their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of their fair values. 2) Since the line items trade receivables, trade payables, and other financial assets contain both financial and non-financial assets or
liabilities (such as other taxes or advance payments), the carrying amounts of non-financial assets or liabilities are shown to allow a reconciliation to the corresponding line items in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. F-49 Table of Contents Fair Values of Financial Instruments Classified According to IAS 39 € millions Category December 31, 2015 Carrying Amount At Amortized Cost At Fair Value Financial assets At fair value through profit or loss HFT 169 169 Available-for-sale AFS 908 908 Loans and receivables L&R 8,926 8,926 Financial liabilities At fair value through profit or loss HFT – 117 – 117 At amortized cost AC – 10,288 – 10,288 € millions Category December 31, 2014 Carrying Amount At Amortized Cost At Fair Value Financial assets At fair value through profit or loss HFT 467 467 Available-for-sale AFS 637 637 Loans and receivables L&R 7,906 7,906 Financial liabilities At fair value through profit or loss HFT – 310 – 310 At amortized cost AC – 11,991 – 11,991 Determination of Fair Values It is our policy that transfers between the different levels of the fair value hierarchy are deemed to have occurred at the beginning of the period of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. A description of the valuation techniques and the inputs used in the fair value measurement is
given below: Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value
on a Recurring Basis Type Fair Value Hierarchy Determination of Fair Value/Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Interrelationship Between Significant Unobservable Inputs and Fair Value Measurement Other financial assets Debt investments Level 1 Quoted prices in an active market NA NA Listed equity investments Level 1 Quoted prices in an active market NA NA Level 2 Quoted prices in an active market deducting a discount for the disposal restriction derived from the premium for a respective put option. NA NA F-50 Table of Contents Type Fair Value Hierarchy Determination of Fair Value/Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Interrelationship Between Significant Unobservable Inputs and Fair Value Measurement Unlisted equity investments Level 3 Market approach. Comparable company valuation using revenue multiples derived from companies comparable to the investee. Peer companies used (revenue multiples range from 2.7 to 8.3) Revenues of investees; Discounts for lack of marketability (10% to
30%) The estimated fair value would increase (decrease) if: The revenue multiples were higher (lower) The investees’
revenues were higher (lower) The liquidity discounts were lower (higher). Market approach. Venture capital method evaluating a variety of quantitative and qualitative factors such as actual and forecasted results, cash
position, recent or planned transactions, and market comparable companies. NA NA Last financing round valuations NA NA Liquidation preferences NA NA Net asset value/Fair market value as reported by the respective funds NA NA Call options for share-based payment plans Level 2 Monte-Carlo Model. Calculated considering risk-free interest rates, the remaining term of the derivatives, the dividend yields, the stock price, and the volatility of our share. NA NA Call option on equity shares Level 3 Market approach. Company valuation using EBITDA multiples based on actual results derived from the investee. EBITDA multiples used EBITDA of the investee The estimated fair value would increase (decrease) if: The EBITDA multiples were higher (lower) The investees’ EBITDA
were higher (lower) Other financial assets/Financial liabilities FX forward contracts Level 2 Discounted cash flow using Par-Method. Expected future cash flows based on forward exchange rates are discounted over the respective remaining term of the contracts using the respective deposit interest rates and spot rates. NA NA Interest-rate swaps Level 2 Discounted cash flow. Expected future cash flows are estimated based on forward interest rates from observable yield curves and contract interest rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the
counterparty. NA NA F-51 Table of Contents Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Value Type Fair Value Hierarchy Determination of Fair Value/Valuation Technique Financial liabilities Fixed rate bonds (financial liabilities) Level 1 Quoted prices in an active market Fixed rate private placements/ loans (financial liabilities) Level 2 Discounted cash flows. Future cash outflows for fixed interest and principal are discounted over the term of the respective contracts using the market interest rates as of the reporting date. For other non-derivative financial assets/liabilities and variable rate financial debt, it is assumed that their
carrying value reasonably approximates their fair values. Transfers Between Levels 1 and 2 Transfers of available-for-sale equity investments from Level 2 to Level 1 which occurred because disposal restrictions lapsed and deducting a discount for such
restriction was no longer necessary were not material in all years presented, while transfers from Level 1 to Level 2 did not occur at all. Level 3
Disclosures The following table shows the reconciliation from the opening to the closing balances for our unlisted equity investments and call
options on equity shares classified as Level 3 fair values: Reconciliation of Level 3 Fair Values € millions 2015 2014 Unlisted Equity Investments and Call Options on Equity Shares Unlisted Equity Investments January 1 400 239 Transfers Into Level 3 12 0 Out of Level 3 – 80 – 29 Purchases 170 141 Sales – 22 – 36 Gains/losses Included in financial income, net in profit and loss 9 27 Included in available-for-sale financial assets in other comprehensive income 34 21 Included in exchange differences in other comprehensive income 45 37 December 31 568 400 Change in unrealized gains/losses in profit and loss for investments held at the end of the reporting period 0 0 Changing the unobservable inputs to reflect reasonably possible alternative assumptions would not have a material
impact on the fair values of our unlisted equity investments held as available-for-sale as of the reporting date. (27) SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS SAP has granted awards under various cash-settled and equity-settled share-based payments to its directors and employees. Most of these awards are described in detail below. SAP has other share-based payment plans
not described below, which are individually and in aggregate, immaterial to our Consolidated Financial Statements. F-52 Table of Contents a) Cash-Settled Share-Based Payments SAP’s cash-settled share-based payments include the following programs: Employee Participation Plan (EPP) and Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan for the Global Managing
Board) 2015, Stock Option Plan 2010 (SOP 2010 (2010–2015 tranches)), Restricted Stock Unit Plan (RSU (2013–2015 tranches)). As
at December 31, 2015, the valuation of our outstanding cash-settled plans was based on the following parameters and assumptions: Fair Value and Parameters Used at Year End
2015 for Cash-Settled Plans LTI Plan 2015 (2012 – 2015 tranches) EPP 2015 (2015 tranche) SOP 2010 (2010 – 2015 tranches) RSU (2013 – 2015 tranches) Weighted average fair value as at 12/31/2015 € 71.45 € 73.38 € 16.06 € 71.90 Information how fair value was measured at measurement date Option pricing model used Other 1) Other 1) Monte-Carlo Other 1) Share price € 73.38 € 73.24 Risk-free interest rate (depending on maturity) – 0.25% 
to – 0.39% NA – 0.03% to – 0.38% – 0.16% 
to – 0.39% Expected volatility SAP shares NA NA 22.0% to 41.9% NA Expected dividend yield SAP shares 1.56% NA 1.56% 1.56% Weighted average remaining life of options outstanding as at 12/31/2015 (in years) 1.7 0.1 3.4 1.2 1) For these awards, the fair value
is calculated by subtracting the net present value of expected future dividend payments, if any, until maturity of the respective award from the prevailing share price as of the valuation date. As at December 31, 2014, the valuation of our outstanding cash-settled plans was based on
the following parameters and assumptions: Fair Value and Parameters Used at
Year End 2014 for Cash-Settled Plans LTI Plan 2015 (2012 – 2014 tranches) EPP 2015 (2014 tranche) SOP 2010 (2010 – 2014 tranches) RSU (2013 – 2014 tranches) Weighted average fair value as at 12/31/2014 € 56.40 € 58.26 € 10.17 € 54.09 Information how fair value was measured at measurement date Option pricing model used Other 1) Other 1) Monte-Carlo Other 1) Share price € 58.26 € 57.37 Risk-free interest rate (depending on maturity) – 0.1% NA – 0.1%
to 0.02% – 0.1% 
to – 0.01% Expected volatility SAP shares NA NA 19.9% to 23.4 % NA Expected dividend yield SAP shares 1.74% NA 1.74% 1.76% Weighted average remaining life of options outstanding as at 12/31/2014 (in years) 1.8 0.1 3.5 1.1 1) For these awards, the fair value
is calculated by subtracting the net present value of expected future dividend payments, if any, until maturity of the respective award from the prevailing share price as of the valuation date. F-53 Table of Contents Expected volatility of the SAP share price is based on a blend of implied volatility from traded options with
corresponding lifetimes and exercise prices as well as historical volatility with the same expected life as the options granted. Expected remaining life of the options reflects both the contractual term and the expected, or historical, exercise
behavior. The risk-free interest rate is derived from German government bonds with a similar duration. Dividend yield is based on expected future dividends. Changes in Numbers of Outstanding Awards
Under Our Cash-Settled Plans thousands LTI Plan 2015 (2012 – 2015 tranches) EPP 2015 (2013 – 2015 tranches) SOP 2010 (2010 – 2015 tranches) RSU (2013 – 2015 tranches) Outstanding as at 12/31/2013 515 1,845 21,666 1,427 Granted in 2014 242 2,177 8,965 2,001 Adjustment based upon KPI target achievement in 2014 – 41 – 458 NA – 88 Exercised in 2014 – 70 – 1,845 – 2,730 – 734 Forfeited in 2014 – 55 – 104 – 1,619 – 378 Outstanding as at 12/31/2014 591 1,615 26,282 2,228 Granted in 2015 277 2,605 10,866 5,125 Adjustment based upon KPI target achievement in 2015 109 495 NA 109 Exercised in 2015 0 – 1,614 – 6,585 – 1,337 Forfeited in 2015 0 – 131 – 1,436 – 548 Outstanding as at 12/31/2015 977 2,970 29,127 5,577 Outstanding awards exercisable as at 12/31/2014 0 0 3,313 0 12/31/2015 0 0 4,120 0 Total carrying amount (in € millions) of liabilities as at 12/31/2014 45 94 167 56 12/31/2015 74 205 283 166 Total intrinsic value of vested awards (in € millions) as at 12/31/2014 38 94 49 0 12/31/2015 76 218 110 0 Weighted average share price (in € ) for share options exercised in 2014 54.96 57.48 56.65 56.62 2015 NA 56.94 66.20 65.83 Total expense (in € millions) recognized in 2013 – 11 118 83 34 2014 13 82 29 58 2015 28 200 187 193 F-54 Table of Contents a.1) Employee Participation Plan (EPP) and Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan) 2015 SAP implemented two share-based payments in 2012: an Employee Participation Plan (EPP) 2015 for employees and a Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan 2015
for members of the Global Managing Board. The plans are focused on SAP’s share price and the achievement of two financial key performance
indicators (KPIs): non-IFRS total revenue and non-IFRS operating profit, which are derived from the Company’s 2015 financial KPIs. Under these plans, virtual shares, called restricted share units (RSUs), are granted to participants.
Participants are paid out in cash based on the number of RSUs that vest. The RSUs were granted and allocated at the beginning of each year through
2015, with EPP 2015 RSUs subject to annual Executive Board approval. Participants in the LTI Plan 2015 have already been granted a budget for the years 2012 to 2015 (2015 for new plan participants joining in 2015). All participants in the LTI Plan
2015 are members of the Global Managing Board. The RSU allocation process took place at the beginning of each year based on SAP’s share price
after the publication of its preliminary annual results for the last financial year prior to the performance period. At the end of the given year, the
number of RSUs that finally vest with plan participants depends on SAP’s actual performance for the given year, and might be higher or lower than the number of RSUs originally granted. If performance against both KPI targets reaches at least
the defined 60% (80% for 2012 and 2013 tranches) threshold, the RSUs vest. Depending on performance, the vesting can reach a maximum of 150% of the budgeted amount. If performance against either or both of those KPI targets does not reach the
defined threshold of 60% (80% for 2012 and 2013 tranches), no RSUs vest and RSUs granted for that year will be forfeited. The adjustment to the threshold of those performance indicators was made to reflect our updated expectations due to the
accelerated shift to the cloud. For the year 2015, the RSUs granted at the beginning of the year vested with 112.96% (2014: 77.89%) achievement of the KPI targets for the LTI Plan. For the EPP, the Executive Board set the achievement of the KPI
targets at 120.00% (2014: 77.89%). Under the EPP 2015, the RSUs are paid out in the first quarter of the year after the one-year performance period,
whereas the RSUs for members of the Global Managing Board under the LTI Plan 2015 are subject to a three-year holding period before payout, which occurs starting in 2016. The LTI Plan 2015 includes a “look-back” provision, due to the fact that this plan is based on certain KPI
targets in 2015. The number of RSUs vested under the 2015 tranche was adjusted to reflect the overall achievement for 2015 than represented by the number of RSUs vested from the 2012 to 2014 tranches. However, RSUs that were already fully vested in
prior years did not forfeit. The final financial effect of each tranche of the EPP 2015 and the LTI Plan 2015 will depend on the number of vested RSUs
and the SAP share price, which is set directly after the announcement of the preliminary fourth quarter and full-year results for the last financial year under the EPP 2015 (of the respective three-year holding period under the LTI Plan 2015), and
thus may be significantly above or below the budgeted amounts. a.2) SAP Stock Option Plan 2010 (SOP 2010 (2010–2015 Tranches)) Under the SAP Stock Option Plan 2010, we granted members of the Senior Leadership Team/Global Executives, SAP’s Top Rewards (employees with an
exceptional rating/high potentials) between 2010 and 2015 and only in 2010 and 2011 members of the Executive Board cash-based virtual stock options, the value of which depends on the multi-year performance of the SAP share. The grant-base value is based on the average fair market value of one ordinary share over the five business days prior to the Executive Board resolution date. The virtual stock options granted under the SOP 2010 give the employees the right to receive a certain amount of money by exercising the options under
the terms and conditions of this plan. After a three-year vesting period (four years for members of the Executive Board), the plan provides for 11 predetermined exercise dates every calendar year (one date per month except in April) until the rights
lapse six years after the grant date (seven years for members of the Executive Board). Employees can exercise their virtual stock options only if they are employed by SAP; if they leave the Company, they forfeit them. Executive Board members’
options are non-forfeitable once granted – if the service agreement ends in the grant year, the number of options is reduced pro rata temporis. Any options not exercised at the end of their term expire. The exercise price is 110% of the grant base value (115% for members of the Executive Board) which is € 39.03 ( € 40.80) 
for the 2010 tranche, € 46.23
( € 48.33) for the 2011 tranche, € 49.28 for the 2012 tranche, € 59.85 for the 2013 tranche, € 60.96 for the 2014 tranche, and € 72.18 for the 2015 tranche. Monetary
benefits will be capped at 100% of the exercise price (150% for members of the Executive Board). F-55 Table of Contents a.3) Restricted Stock Unit Plan (RSU Plan (2013–2015 tranches)) We maintain share-based payment plans that allow for the issuance of restricted stock units (RSU) to retain and motivate executives and certain employees. Under the RSU Plan, we granted a certain number of RSUs between 2013 and 2015 representing a contingent right to receive a cash payment determined by
the market value of the same number of SAP SE shares (or SAP SE American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange) and the number of RSUs that ultimately vest. Granted RSUs will vest in different tranches, either: – Over a one-to-three year service period only, or – Over a one-to-three year service period and upon meeting certain key performance indicators (KPIs). The number of RSUs that could vest under the 2015 tranche with performance-based grants was mostly contingent upon a weighted achievement of the following
performance milestones for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2015: – Non-IFRS total revenue (50%); and – Non-IFRS operating profit (50%). Depending on
performance, the number of RSUs vesting could have ranged between 50% and 150% of the number initially granted. Performance against the KPI targets was 112.96% (2014: 90.27%) in fiscal year 2015. The RSUs are paid out in cash upon vesting. b) Equity-Settled Share-Based Payments: Share Matching Plan (SMP) Under the Share Matching Plan (SMP) implemented in 2010, SAP offers its employees the opportunity to purchase SAP SE shares at a discount of 40%. The number of SAP
shares an eligible employee may purchase through the SMP is limited to a percentage of the employee’s annual base salary. After a three-year holding period, such plan participants will receive one free matching share of SAP for every three SAP
shares acquired. The terms for the members of the Senior Leadership Team/Global Executives are slightly different than those for the other employees.
They do not receive a discount when purchasing the shares. However, after a three-year holding period, they receive two free matching SAP shares for every three SAP shares acquired. This plan is not open to members of the SAP Executive Board. The following table shows the parameters and assumptions used at grant date to determine the fair value of free matching shares, as well as the
quantity of shares purchased and free matching shares granted through this program in 2015, 2014, and 2013: Fair Value and Parameters at Grant Date for
SMP 2015 2014 2013 Grant date 6/5/2015 6/4/2014 9/4/2013 Fair value of granted awards € 62.98 € 52.49 € 51.09 Information how fair value was measured at grant date Option pricing model used Other 1) Share price € 66.31 € 55.61 € 54.20 Risk-free interest rate – 0.08% 0.13% 0.43% Expected dividend yield 1.67% 1.87% 1.92% Weighted average remaining contractual life of awards outstanding at year end (in years) 1.5 0.9 1.6 Number of investment shares purchased (in thousands) 1,492 1,550 1,559 1) For these awards, the fair value is calculated by subtracting the
net present value of expected future dividend payments, if any, until maturity of the respective award from the prevailing share price as of the valuation date. F-56 Table of Contents Changes in Numbers of Outstanding Awards Under SMP thousands SMP Outstanding as at 12/31/2013 3,986 Granted in 2014 568 Exercised in 2014 – 432 Forfeited in 2014 – 187 Outstanding as at 12/31/2014 3,935 Granted in 2015 551 Exercised in 2015 – 2,808 Forfeited in 2015 – 78 Outstanding as at 12/31/2015 1,600 Recognized Expense at Year End for SMP € millions 2015 2014 2013 Expense recognized relating to discount 36 35 32 Expense recognized relating to vesting of free matching shares 44 54 51 Total expense relating to SMP 80 89 83 (28) SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION General Information On December 4, 2014, we completed our acquisition of Concur and in the first quarter
of 2015 we announced our intention to combine all SAP network offerings (that is, predominantly the activities of the purchased Concur business and the network activities of the Ariba and Fieldglass businesses acquired earlier) and launch the SAP
Business Network, a network of networks which covers sourcing, procurement, and travel and expenses. The SAP Business Network qualifies as an operating
segment and as a reportable segment under IFRS 8. Since fiscal year 2015 SAP thus has two reportable segments that are regularly reviewed by our Executive Board, which
is responsible for assessing the performance of our Company and for making resource allocation decisions as our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM): the Applications, Technology & Services segment and the SAP Business Network segment.
These two segments are largely organized and managed separately according to their product and service offerings, notably whether the products and services relate to our business network activities or cover other areas of our business. The Applications, Technology & Services segment derives its revenue primarily from the sale of software licenses, subscriptions to our cloud applications,
and related services (mainly support services and various professional services and premium support services, as well as implementation services of our software products and education services on the use of our products). The SAP Business Network segment emerged from combining all SAP network offerings into one network of networks that covers temporary workforce sourcing, other
procurement, and end-to-end travel and business travel expense management. The SAP Business Network segment derives its revenues mainly from transaction fees charged for the use of SAP’s cloud-based collaborative business network and from
services relating to the SAP Business Network (including cloud applications, professional services, and education services). Within the SAP Business Network segment, we mainly market and sell the cloud offerings developed by Ariba, Fieldglass, and
Concur. Our Concur and Fieldglass acquisitions are included in the segment information since their respective acquisition dates (December 4, 2014,
for Concur and May 2, 2014, for Fieldglass). F-57 Table of Contents Revenue and Results of Segments € millions Applications, Technology & Services SAP Business Network Total Reportable Segments 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Cloud subscriptions and support 961 849 585 1,337 1,151 515 2,297 2,000 1,101 Software licenses 4,835 4,580 4,381 – 1 – 1 0 4,834 4,579 4,381 Software support 10,061 9,388 8,806 31 26 29 10,092 9,414 8,835 Software licenses and support 14,896 13,968 13,187 30 25 28 14,926 13,993 13,216 Cloud and software 15,856 14,817 13,772 1,367 1,176 544 17,223 15,993 14,316 Services 3,270 3,035 3,099 247 213 101 3,517 3,248 3,199 Total segment revenue 19,126 17,852 16,871 1,614 1,389 644 20,740 19,241 17,515 Cost of cloud subscriptions and support – 452 – 421 – 263 – 336 – 293 – 128 – 788 – 715 – 390 Cost of software licenses and support – 1,994 – 1,831 – 1,823 – 1 – 1 – 3 – 1,994 – 1,831 – 1,826 Cost of cloud and software – 2,446 – 2,252 – 2,085 – 337 – 294 – 131 – 2,783 – 2,546 – 2,216 Cost of services – 2,897 – 2,735 – 2,479 – 193 – 171 – 87 – 3,090 – 2,905 – 2,565 Total cost of revenue – 5,343 – 4,987 – 4,564 – 530 – 465 – 217 – 5,873 – 5,451 – 4,781 Segment gross profit 13,784 12,865 12,307 1,084 924 427 14,868 13,790 12,734 Total segment expenses – 5,865 – 5,484 – 5,207 – 771 – 675 – 322 – 6,637 – 6,158 – 5,530 Segment profit 7,918 7,382 7,099 312 250 105 8,231 7,631 7,204 F-58 Table of Contents Revenue and Results of Segments € millions Applications, Technology & Services SAP Business Network Total Reportable Segments 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Cloud subscriptions and support 585 585 413 515 512 344 1,101 1,097 757 Software licenses 4,381 4,381 4,519 0 0 0 4,381 4,381 4,519 Software support 8,806 8,915 8,280 29 29 30 8,835 8,943 8,310 Software licenses and support 13,187 13,296 12,799 28 28 31 13,216 13,324 12,829 Cloud and software 13,772 13,881 13,211 544 541 375 14,316 14,422 13,586 Services 3,099 3,136 3,175 101 101 85 3,199 3,236 3,259 Total segment revenue 16,871 17,017 16,386 644 641 460 17,515 17,658 16,846 Cost of cloud subscriptions and support – 263 – 263 – 124 – 128 – 127 – 84 – 390 – 389 – 208 Cost of software licenses and support – 1,823 – 1,839 – 1,741 – 3 – 3 – 8 – 1,826 – 1,842 – 1,749 Cost of cloud and software – 2,085 – 2,102 – 1,865 – 131 – 130 – 91 – 2,216 – 2,232 – 1,956 Cost of services – 2,479 – 2,518 – 2,447 – 87 – 88 – 68 – 2,565 – 2,606 – 2,516 Total cost of revenue – 4,564 – 4,619 – 4,312 – 217 – 218 – 160 – 4,781 – 4,837 – 4,472 Segment gross profit 12,307 12,397 12,074 427 423 300 12,734 12,820 12,374 Total segment expenses – 5,207 – 5,269 – 5,018 – 322 – 322 – 201 – 5,530 – 5,591 – 5,218 Segment profit 7,099 7,128 7,056 105 101 99 7,204 7,229 7,155 Segment asset/liability information is not regularly provided to our CODM. Goodwill by operating segment is disclosed
in Note (15). Measurement and Presentation Our management reporting system reports our intersegment services as cost reductions and does not track them as internal revenue. Intersegment services mainly represent utilization of human resources of one segment
by another segment on a project-by-project basis. Intersegment services are charged based on internal cost rates including certain indirect overhead costs, excluding a profit margin. Most of our depreciation and amortization expense affecting segment profits is allocated to the segments as part of
broader infrastructure allocations and is thus not tracked separately on the operating segment level. Depreciation and amortization expense that is directly allocated to the operating segments is immaterial in all operating segments presented. Our management reporting system produces a variety of reports that differ by the currency exchange rates used in the accounting for foreign-currency
transactions and operations. Reports based on actual currencies use the same currency rates as are used in our financial F-59 Table of Contents statements. Reports based on constant currencies report revenues and expenses using the average exchange rates from the previous year’s corresponding period. We use an operating profit indicator to measure the performance of our operating segments. However, the accounting policies applied in the measurement of operating
segment revenue and profit differ as follows from the IFRS accounting principles used to determine the operating profit measure in our income statement: The measurements of segment revenue and results include the recurring revenues that would have been recorded by acquired entities had they remained stand-alone
entities but which are not recorded as revenue under IFRS due to fair value accounting for customer contracts in effect at the time of an acquisition. The expenses measured exclude: – Acquisition-related charges ¡ Amortization expense and impairment charges for intangibles acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone acquisitions of intellectual property
(including purchased in-process research and development) ¡ Settlements of pre-existing relationships in connection with a business combination ¡ Acquisition-related third-party costs – Expenses from the TomorrowNow litigation and the Versata litigation – Share-based payment expenses – Restructuring expenses Certain
corporate-level activities are not allocated to our segments, including finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and marketing. They are disclosed in the reconciliation under other expenses and other revenue respectively. The segment information for prior periods has been restated to conform to the new two-segment structure. Reconciliation of Revenue and Segment
Results € millions 2015 2014 2013 Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Constant Currency Actual Currency Total segment revenue for reportable segments 20,740 19,241 17,515 17,658 16,846 Other revenue 64 58 64 65 51 Adjustment for currency impact 0 1,505 0 – 142 0 Adjustment of revenue under fair value accounting – 11 – 11 – 19 – 19 – 82 Total revenue 20,793 20,793 17,560 17,560 16,815 Total segment profit for reportable segments 8,231 7,631 7,204 7,229 7,155 Other revenue 64 58 64 65 51 Other expenses – 1,947 – 1,786 – 1,631 – 1,665 – 1,725 Adjustment for currency impact 0 443 0 – 9 0 Adjustment for Revenue under fair value accounting – 11 – 11 – 19 – 19 – 82 Acquisition-related charges – 738 – 738 – 562 – 562 – 555 Share-based payment expenses – 724 – 724 – 290 – 290 – 327 Restructuring – 621 – 621 – 126 – 126 – 70 TomorrowNow and Versata litigation 0 0 – 309 – 309 31 Operating profit 4,252 4,252 4,331 4,331 4,479 Other non-operating income/expense, net – 256 – 256 49 49 – 17 Financial income, net – 5 – 5 – 25 – 25 – 66 Profit before tax 3,991 3,991 4,355 4,355 4,396 F-60 Table of Contents Geographic Information We have aligned our revenue by region disclosures with the changes made to the structure of our income statement as outlined in Note (3b). The amounts for revenue by region in the following tables are based on the location of customers. The regions in the
following table are broken down into EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa), Americas (North America and Latin America) and APJ (Asia Pacific Japan). Revenue by Region € millions Cloud Subscriptions and Support Revenue Cloud and Software Revenue 2015 2014 2013 2015 2014 2013 EMEA 507 277 176 7,622 6,819 6,616 Americas 1,579 709 457 6,929 5,276 5,097 APJ 200 101 64 2,663 2,221 2,237 SAP Group 2,286 1,087 696 17,214 14,315 13,950 Total Revenue by Region € millions 2015 2014 2013 Germany 2,771 2,570 2,513 Rest of EMEA 6,409 5,813 5,462 EMEA 9,181 8,383 7,975 United States 6,750 4,898 4,487 Rest of Americas 1,678 1,591 1,746 Americas 8,428 6,489 6,233 Japan 667 600 631 Rest of APJ 2,517 2,088 1,975 APJ 3,185 2,688 2,606 SAP Group 20,793 17,560 16,815 Non-Current Assets by Region € millions 2015 2014 Germany 2,395 2,399 The Netherlands 2,843 2,917 France 2,175 2,116 Rest of EMEA 2,557 2,477 EMEA 9,969 9,909 United States 19,124 17,568 Rest of Americas 139 152 Americas 19,264 17,720 APJ 599 518 SAP Group 29,832 28,147 The table above shows non-current assets excluding financial instruments, deferred tax assets, post-employment benefits, and rights
arising under insurance contracts. For information about the breakdown of our workforce by region, see Note (7). F-61 Table of Contents (29) BOARD OF DIRECTORS Executive Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other
than subsidiaries of SAP on December 31, 2015 Bill McDermott Chief Executive Officer, Labor Relations Director Strategy, Governance, Business Development, Corporate
Development, Communications and Marketing, Human Resources, Business Network Board of Directors, ANSYS, Inc., Canonsburg, PA, United States Board of Directors, Under Armour, Inc., Baltimore, MD, United States Robert Enslin Global Customer Operations Global Sales, Industry & LoB
Solutions Sales, Services Sales, Sales Operations, Global Customer Office Michael Kleinemeier (from November 1, 2015) Global Service & Support Global Consulting
Delivery, Global and Regional Support and Premium Engagement Functions, Maintenance Go-to-Market, Global User Groups, Mobile Services Bernd Leukert Chief Technology Officer Products & Innovation Global Development Organization, Innovation & Cloud Delivery, Product
Strategy, Development Services, SAP Global Security Supervisory Board, DFKI (Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz GmbH),
Kaiserslautern, Germany (from October 13, 2015) Luka Mucic Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer Global Finance and Administration including Investor Relations and Data Protection & Privacy, Process Office, Business Innovation & IT Gerhard Oswald Product Quality & Enablement Quality Governance & Validation, Scale, Enablement & Transformation, Logistics Services Supervisory Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than subsidiaries of SAP on December 31, 2015 Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner 2), 4), 6), 7), 8) Chairman Margret Klein-Magar 1), 2), 4) Deputy Chairperson Vice President, Head of SAP Alumni Relations Chairperson of the Spokespersons’ Committee of Senior Managers of SAP SE Pekka Ala-Pietilä 4), 5), 6), 7) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Huhtamäki Oyj, Espoo, Finland Chairman of the Board of Directors, Solidium Oy, Helsinki, Finland (until April 22, 2015) Board of Directors,
Pöyry Plc, Vantaa, Finland Chairman of the Board of Directors, CVON Group Limited, London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, CVON Limited, London, United Kingdom Chairman of the Board of Directors, CVON Innovation Services Oy, Turku, Finland Board of Directors, CVON Future Limited, London, United Kingdom Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk
International Ltd., London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, Sanoma Corporation, Helsinki, Finland Panagiotis Bissiritsas 1), 3), 4), 5) Support Expert Martin Duffek (from May 20,
2015) 1), 3), 8) Product Manager Prof. Anja Feldmann 4), 8) Professor at
the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Faculty at the Technische Universität Berlin F-62 Table of Contents Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann 2), 5), 7), 8) Attorney-at-law, certified public auditor, certified tax advisor Linklaters LLP, Rechtsanwälte, Notare, Steuerberater, Frankfurt am Main, Germany Supervisory Board, Celesio AG, Stuttgart, Germany (until March 1, 2015) Andreas Hahn (from May 20, 2015) 1), 2), 4) Product Expert, Industry Standards & Open Source Prof. Dr. Gesche Joost (from May 28, 2015) 4), 8) Professor for Design Research and Head of the Design Research Lab, University of Arts Berlin Lars Lamadé 1), 2), 7), 8) Head of
Customer & Events GSS COO Managing Director, Rhein Neckar-Loewen GmbH, Kronau, Germany Bernard Liautaud 2), 4), 6) General
Partner Balderton Capital, London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, nlyte Software Ltd., London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, Talend SA, Suresnes, France Board of Directors,
Wonga Group Ltd., London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, SCYTL Secure Electronic Voting SA, Barcelona, Spain Board of Directors, Vestiaire Collective SA, Levallois-Perret, France Board of Directors, Dashlane, Inc., New York, NY, United States Board of Directors, Recorded Future, Inc., Cambridge, MA, United States Board of Directors, eWise Group, Inc., Redwood City, CA, United States Board of Directors, Qubit Digital Ltd.,
London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, United States Board of Directors, Citymapper Ltd., London, United Kingdom Board of Directors, Sunrise Atelier, Inc., New York, NY, United States (until February 11, 2015) Board of Directors, Opbeat Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States Christine Regitz (from May 20,
2015) 1), 4), 8) Vice President User Experience Chief Product Expert Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 3), 7) Independent Management Consultant Supervisory Board, Talanx AG, Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board,
Deutsche Börse AG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany Supervisory Board, HDI V.a.G., Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board, Hannover Rückversicherung SE, Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board, Fuchs Petrolub SE, Mannheim, Germany Supervisory Board, BDO AG, Hamburg, Germany Board of Directors, Fidelity Funds SICAV, Luxembourg Supervisory
Board, Rocket Internet AG, Berlin, Germany (until June 23, 2015) Robert Schuschnig-Fowler (from
May 20, 2015) 1), 8) Account Manager, Senior Support Engineer Dr. Sebastian Sick (from May 20, 2015) 1), 2), 5), 7) Head of Company Law Unit, Hans Böckler Foundation Supervisory Board, Georgsmarienhütte GmbH, Georgsmarienhütte, Germany Jim Hagemann Snabe 2), 5) Supervisory Board Member Board of Directors, Bang & Olufsen A/S, Struer, Denmark Board of Directors, Danske Bank A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark Supervisory Board, Allianz SE, Munich, Germany Supervisory Board,
Siemens AG, Munich, Germany Pierre Thiollet (from May 20, 2015) 1), 4) Webmaster Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E. h. Klaus
Wucherer 3) Managing Director of Dr. Klaus Wucherer Innovations- und
Technologieberatung GmbH, Erlangen, Germany Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, HEITEC AG, Erlangen, Germany Supervisory Board, Dürr AG, Bietigheim-Bissingen, Germany (until December 31, 2015) Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, LEONI AG, Nuremberg, Germany Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Festo
AG & Co. KG, Esslingen, Germany F-63 Table of Contents Supervisory Board Members Who Left During 2015 Catherine Bordelon (until May 20, 2015) Christiane Kuntz-Mayr
(until May 20, 2015) Steffen Leskovar (until May 20, 2015) Dr. h. c. Hartmut Mehdorn (until May 15, 2015) Dr. Kurt Reiner (until May 20, 2015) Mario Rosa-Bian (until May 20, 2015) Stefan Schulz (until
May 20, 2015) Information as at December 31, 2015 1) Elected by the employees 2) Member of the Company’s General and Compensation Committee 3) Member of the Company’s Audit Committee 4) Member of the Company’s Technology and Strategy Committee 5) Member of the Company’s Finance and Investment Committee 6) Member of the Company’s Nomination Committee 7) Member of the Company’s Special Committee 8) Member of the Company’s People and Organization Committee Allocating the fair value of the share-based payments to the respective years they are economically linked to the total compensation
of the Executive Board members for the years 2015, 2014, and 2013 was as follows: Executive Board Compensation € thousands 2015 2014 2013 Short-term employee benefits 15,137 16,196 24,728 Share-based payment 1) 10,365 8,098 8,603 Subtotal 1) 25,502 24,294 33,331 Post-employment benefits 1,278 3,249 1,324 Thereof defined-benefit 288 2,276 189 Thereof defined-contribution 990 973 1,135 Total 1) 26,780 27,543 34,655 1) Portion of total executive
compensation allocated to the respective year based on management view The share-based payment amounts disclosed above are based on the grant date fair
value of the restricted share units (RSUs) issued to Executive Board members during the year. The Executive Board members already received, in 2012,
the LTI grants for the years 2012 to 2015 subject to continuous service as member of the Executive Board in the respective years. Although these grants are linked to and thus, economically, compensation for the Executive Board members in the
respective years, section 314 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) requires them to be included in the total compensation number for the year of grant. Upon his appointment to the Executive Board in 2015, Michael Kleinemeier
received a grant related to 2015. Vesting of the LTI grants is dependent on the respective Executive Board member’s continuous service for the Company. The share-based payment as defined in section 314 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) amounts to € 263,200 and 4,622 RSUs respectively (2014: € 8,720,200) based on the allocation for 2015 for Michael Kleinemeier, which was granted in 2015 in line with his appointment to the Executive Board. The prior-year amount includes the allocations for 2014 and
2015 for Robert Enslin, Bernd Leukert and Luka Mucic, which were granted in 2014 in line with their appointment to the Executive Board. Considering the
grant date fair value of the RSUs allocated during the year instead of the economically allocated amount of share-based payments in the table above, the sum of short-term employee benefits and share-based payment amounts to € 15,400,400 (2014: € 23,216,200)
and the total Executive Board compensation amounts to € 16,678,400 (2014: € 26,464,700). Share-Based Payment for Executive Board Members 2015 2014 2013 Number of RSUs granted 192,345 153,909 152,159 Number of stock options granted 0 0 0 Total expense in € thousands 22,310 11,133 – 8,596 In the table above, the share-based payment expense is the amount recorded in profit or loss under IFRS 2 in the respective
period. The defined benefit obligation (DBO) for pensions to Executive Board members and the annual pension entitlement of the members of the Executive
Board on reaching age 60 based on entitlements from performance-based and salary-linked plans were as follows: Retirement Pension Plan for Executive
Board Members € thousands 2015 2014 2013 DBO December 31 8,948 11,273 9,077 Annual pension entitlement 427 475 452 F-64 Table of Contents The total annual compensation of the Supervisory Board members for 2015 is as follows: Supervisory Board Compensation € thousands 2015 2014 2013 Total compensation 3,728 3,227 2,966 Thereof fixed compensation 3,250 924 870 Thereof committee remuneration 479 515 416 Thereof variable compensation NA 1,788 1,680 The Supervisory Board members do not receive any share-based payment for their services. As far as members who are employee
representatives on the Supervisory Board receive share-based payment, such compensation is for their services as employees only and is unrelated to their status as members of the Supervisory Board. Payments to/DBO for Former Executive Board Members € thousands 2015 2014 2013 Payments 1,580 3,462 1,387 DBO December 31 32,758 33,764 29,181 SAP did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of the
Executive Board or Supervisory Board in 2015, 2014, or 2013. Shareholdings of Executive and Supervisory Board Members Number of SAP shares 2015 2014 2013 Executive Board 45,309 36,426 30,201 Supervisory Board 90,262,686 107,467,372 119,316,444 (30) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Certain Executive Board and Supervisory Board members of SAP SE currently hold, or held within the last year, positions of significant responsibility with other entities, as presented in Note (29) . We
have relationships with certain of these entities in the ordinary course of business, whereby we buy and sell products, assets and services at prices believed to be consistent with those negotiated at arm’s length between unrelated parties. Companies controlled by Hasso Plattner, chairman of our Supervisory Board and Chief Software Advisor of SAP, engaged in the following transactions with SAP: providing consulting services to SAP, receiving sport sponsoring from SAP, making purchases of SAP products and services. Christiane Kuntz-Mayr, vice chairperson and member of the SAP Supervisory Board until May 20, 2015, acted as a managing director of family & kids @
work gemeinnützige UG (“family & kids @ work”). Wilhelm Haarmann practices as a partner in the law firm Linklaters LLP in
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. SAP occasionally purchased and purchases legal and similar services from Linklaters. Occasionally, members of the Executive
Board of SAP SE obtain services from SAP for which they pay a consideration believed to be consistent with those negotiated at arm’s length between unrelated parties. All amounts related to the abovementioned transactions were immaterial to SAP in all periods presented. In total, we
sold products and services to companies controlled by members of the Supervisory Board in the amount of € 1 million (2014: € 4 million), we bought products and services from such companies in the amount of € 7 million (2014: € 1 million), and we provided sponsoring and other financial support to such companies in the amount of € 5 million (2014: € 7 million). Outstanding balances at year end from transactions with such companies were € 0 million (2014: € 2 million) for amounts owed to such companies and € 0 million (2014: € 1 million) for amounts owed by such companies. All these balances
are unsecured and interest free and settlement is expected to occur in cash. Commitments (the longest of which is for 10 years) made by us to purchase further goods or services from these companies and to provide further sponsoring and other
financial support amount to € 11 million as at December 31, 2015 (2014: € 13 million). In total, we sold
services to members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board in the amount of € 2 million (2014: € 0 million) and we received services from members of the Supervisory Board (including services from employee representatives on the
Supervisory Board in their capacity as employees of SAP) in the amount of € 1 million (2014: € 2 million). Amounts owed to Supervisory Board members from these transactions were € 0 million as at December 31, 2015 (2014: € 0 million). All these balances are unsecured and interest free and settlement is expected to occur in cash. For information about the compensation of our Executive Board and Supervisory Board members, see Note (29). F-65 Table of Contents (31) PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 20, 2015, our shareholders elected KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft as SAP’s independent auditor for 2015. KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft and other firms in the global KPMG network charged the following fees to SAP for audit and other professional services
related to 2015 and the previous years: Fees for Audit and Other Professional
Services € millions 2015 2014 2013 KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Firms Total KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Firms Total KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Firms Total Audit fees 3 6 9 2 6 8 2 7 9 Audit-related fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Tax fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 All other fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 3 6 9 2 6 8 3 7 10 Audit fees are the aggregate fees charged by KPMG for auditing our consolidated financial statements and the
statutory financial statements of SAP SE and its subsidiaries. Audit-related fees are fees charged by KPMG for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported under audit fees. Tax fees are fees for professional services rendered by KPMG for tax advice on transfer pricing, restructuring, and tax compliance on current, past, or contemplated transactions. The All other fees category includes
other support services, such as training and advisory services on issues unrelated to accounting and taxes. (32) EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD After December 31, 2015, the following change took place: We are in the process of preparing the consolidation
of intellectual property rights held by SAP’s group company hybris AG at the level of SAP SE in Germany. Based on deviating applicable tax rates, the Group expects an overall positive income tax effect in a range between approximately € 180 million and € 220 million in 2016. F-66 Table of Contents (33) SUBSIDIARIES AND OTHER EQUITY INVESTMENTS Subsidiaries Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Total Revenue in 2015 1) Profit/ Loss (-) after Tax for 2015 1) Total Equity as at 
12/31/2015 1) Number of Employees
as at 12/31/2015 2) Foot- note % € thousands € thousands € thousands Major Subsidiaries Ariba, Inc., Palo Alto, CA, United States 100.0 642,877 – 145,271 3,697,333 1,425 Concur Technologies, Inc., Bellevue, WA, United States 100.0 638,122 – 18,115 6,552,341 2,741 LLC SAP CIS, Moscow, Russia 100.0 356,480 – 18,607 42,319 659 SAP (Beijing) Software System Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 759,818 – 83,167 – 94,864 4,562 SAP (Schweiz) AG, Biel, Switzerland 100.0 751,860 45,934 44,193 611 SAP (UK) Limited, Feltham, United Kingdom 100.0 1,132,753 16,073 15,358 1,511 10 ) SAP America, Inc., Newtown Square, PA, United States 100.0 4,559,147 – 402,385 14,709,940 6,114 SAP Asia Pte Ltd, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 386,585 – 35,614 34,567 1,020 SAP Australia Pty Ltd, Sydney, Australia 100.0 631,863 – 7,537 187,392 1,064 SAP Brasil Ltda, São Paulo, Brazil 100.0 527,180 – 15,176 17,826 1,481 SAP Canada, Inc., Toronto, Canada 100.0 669,947 22,740 455,322 2,598 SAP Deutschland SE & Co. KG, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 3,477,774 466,454 1,258,713 4,505 7), 9) SAP France, Levallois Perret, France 100.0 1,095,886 218,454 1,582,376 1,427 SAP India Private Limited, Bangalore, India 100.0 488,794 53,742 254,822 1,800 SAP Industries, Inc., Newtown Square, PA, United States 100.0 601,898 40,492 538,411 385 SAP Italia Sistemi Applicazioni Prodotti in Data Processing S.p.A., Vimercate, Italy 100.0 464,458 20,554 337,584 601 SAP Japan Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan 100.0 681,109 30,866 515,703 994 SAP Labs India Private Limited, Bangalore, India 100.0 285,633 26,359 28,703 5,947 SAP Labs, LLC, Palo Alto, CA, United States 100.0 582,128 10,367 314,276 1,924 SAP Nederland B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 494,173 21,096 17,016 504 11 ) SAP Service and Support Centre (Ireland) Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 114,647 6,430 41,152 1,131 SuccessFactors, Inc., South San Francisco, CA, United States 100.0 714,646 21,254 3,152,160 1,104 Sybase, Inc., Dublin, CA, United States 100.0 597,125 390,137 5,897,666 677 F-67 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % Other Subsidiaries 3) “SAP Kazakhstan” LLP, Almaty, Kazakhstan 100.0 110405, Inc., Newtown Square, PA, United States 100.0 Ambin Properties (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 Ariba Czech s.r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 Ariba India Private Limited, Gurgaon, India 100.0 Ariba International Holdings, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 Ariba International Singapore Pte Ltd, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 Ariba International, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 Ariba Investment Company, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 Ariba Slovak Republic s.r.o., Košice, Slovakia 100.0 Ariba Software Technology Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100.0 Ariba Technologies India Private Limited, Bangalore, India 100.0 Ariba Technologies Netherlands B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) Beijing Zhang Zhong Hu Dong Information Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 0 5 ) b-process, Paris, France 100.0 Business Objects (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 Business Objects Holding B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) Business Objects Option LLC, Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 Business Objects Software (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100.0 Business Objects Software Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 Christie Partners Holding C.V., Utrecht, the Netherlands 100.0 ClearTrip Inc. (Mauritius), Ebene, Mauritius 54.2 ClearTrip Inc., George Town, Cayman Islands 54.2 Cleartrip MEA FZ LLC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 54.2 Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % ClearTrip Private Limited, Mumbai, India 54.2 CNQR Operations Mexico S. de. R.L. de. C.V., San Pedro Garza Garcia, Mexico 100.0 Concur (Austria) GmbH, Vienna, Austria 100.0 Concur (Canada), Inc., Toronto, Canada 100.0 Concur (France) SAS, Paris, France 100.0 Concur (Germany) GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100.0 Concur (Italy) S.r.l., Milan, Italy 100.0 Concur (Japan) Ltd., Bunkyo-ku, Japan 75.0 Concur (New Zealand) Limited, Wellington, New Zealand 100.0 Concur (Philippines) Inc., Makati City, Philippines 100.0 Concur (Switzerland) GmbH, Zurich, Switzerland 100.0 Concur Czech (s.r.o.), Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 Concur Denmark ApS, Frederiksberg, Denmark 100.0 Concur Holdings (France) SAS, Paris, France 100.0 Concur Holdings (Netherlands) B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) Concur Holdings (US) LLC, Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 Concur International Holdings (Netherlands) CV, Amsterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 Concur Technologies (Australia) Pty. Limited, Sydney, Australia 100.0 Concur Technologies (Hong Kong) Limited, Hong Kong, China 100.0 Concur Technologies (India) Private Limited, Bangalore, India 100.0 Concur Technologies (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 Concur Technologies (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) ConTgo Consulting Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) ConTgo Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) ConTgo MTA Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) ConTgo Pty. Ltd., Sydney, Australia 100.0 Crossgate UK Limited, Slough, United Kingdom 100.0 F-68 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % Crystal Decisions (Ireland) Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 Crystal Decisions Holdings Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 Crystal Decisions UK Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 EssCubed Procurement Pty. Ltd., Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 Extended Systems, Inc., Dublin, CA, United States 100.0 Fieldglass AsiaPac PTY Ltd, Brisbane, Australia 100.0 Fieldglass Europe Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) Financial Fusion, Inc., Dublin, CA, United States 100.0 FreeMarkets International Holdings Inc. de Mexico, de S. de R.L. de C.V., Mexico City, Mexico 100.0 FreeMarkets Ltda., São Paulo, Brazil 100.0 Gelco Information Network, Inc., Minneapolis, MN, United States 100.0 GlobalExpense (Consulting) Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 GlobalExpense (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) H-G Holdings, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 H-G Intermediate Holdings, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 hybris (US) Corp., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 hybris AG, Zug, Switzerland 100.0 hybris Australia Pty Limited, Surry Hills, Australia 100.0 hybris GmbH, Munich, Germany 100.0 9 ) hybris Hong Kong Limited, Hong Kong, China 100.0 hybris UK Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) Inxight Federal Systems Group, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 KXEN Limited, Feltham, United Kingdom 100.0 LLC “SAP Labs”, Moscow, Russia 100.0 LLC “SAP Ukraine”, Kiev, Ukraine 100.0 Merlin Systems Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 Multiposting SAS, Paris, France 100.0 4 ) Multiposting Sp.z o.o., Warsaw, Poland 100.0 4 ) Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % Nihon Ariba K.K., Tokyo, Japan 100.0 OutlookSoft Deutschland GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 Plateau Systems Australia Ltd, Brisbane, Australia 100.0 Plateau Systems LLC, South San Francisco, CA, United States 100.0 PT SAP Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia 99.0 PT Sybase 365 Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia 100.0 Quadrem Africa Pty. Ltd., Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 Quadrem Australia Pty Ltd., Brisbane, Australia 100.0 Quadrem Brazil Ltda., Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 100.0 Quadrem Chile Ltda., Santiago de Chile, Chile 100.0 Quadrem Colombia SAS, Bogotá, Colombia 100.0 Quadrem International Ltd., Hamilton, Bermuda 100.0 Quadrem Netherlands B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) Quadrem Overseas Cooperatief U.A., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 Quadrem Peru S.A.C., Lima, Peru 100.0 Ruan Lian Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 San Borja Partricipadoes LTDA, São Paulo, Brazil 100.0 SAP Andina y del Caribe, C.A., Caracas, Venezuela 100.0 SAP Argentina S.A., Buenos Aires, Argentina 100.0 SAP Asia (Vietnam) Co., Ltd., Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 100.0 SAP Azerbaijan LLC, Baku, Azerbaijan 100.0 4 ) SAP Belgium NV/SA, Brussels, Belgium 100.0 SAP Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia, Bulgaria 100.0 SAP Business Compliance Services GmbH, Siegen, Germany 100.0 SAP Business Services Center Europe s.r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 SAP Business Services Center Nederland B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) SAP Chile Limitada, Santiago, Chile 100.0 F-69 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % SAP China Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100.0 4 ) SAP China Holding Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 4 ) SAP Colombia SAS., Bogotá, Colombia 100.0 SAP Commercial Services Ltd., Valletta, Malta 100.0 SAP Costa Rica, S.A., San José, Costa Rica 100.0 SAP ČR, spol. s r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 SAP Cyprus Ltd, Nicosia, Cyprus 100.0 SAP d.o.o., Zagreb, Croatia 100.0 SAP Danmark A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark 100.0 SAP Dritte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 8 ), 9) SAP East Africa Limited, Nairobi, Kenya 100.0 SAP Egypt LLC, Cairo, Egypt 100.0 SAP EMEA Inside Sales S.L., Barcelona, Spain 100.0 SAP Erste Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 8 ), 9) SAP España – Sistemas, Aplicaciones y Productos en la Informática, S.A., Madrid, Spain 100.0 SAP Estonia OÜ, Tallinn, Estonia 100.0 SAP Financial, Inc., Toronto, Canada 100.0 SAP Finland Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 SAP Foreign Holdings GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP France Holding, Levallois Perret, France 100.0 SAP Fünfte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 9 ) SAP Global Marketing, Inc., New York, NY, United States 100.0 SAP Hellas S.A., Athens, Greece 100.0 SAP Holdings (UK) Limited, Feltham, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) SAP Hong Kong Co., Ltd., Hong Kong, China 100.0 SAP Hosting Beteiligungs GmbH, St. Leon-Rot, Germany 100.0 SAP Hungary Rendszerek, Alkalmazások és Termékek az Adatfeldolgozásban Informatikai Kft., Budapest, Hungary 100.0 Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % SAP India (Holding) Pte Ltd, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 SAP International Panama, S.A., Panama City, Panama 100.0 SAP International, Inc., Miami, FL, United States 100.0 SAP Investments, Inc., Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 SAP Ireland Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 SAP Ireland-US Financial Services Ltd., Dublin, Ireland 100.0 SAP Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 SAP Korea Ltd., Seoul, South Korea 100.0 SAP Labs Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia, Bulgaria 100.0 SAP Labs Finland Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 SAP Labs France SAS, Mougins, France 100.0 SAP Labs Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 SAP Labs Korea, Inc., Seoul, South Korea 100.0 SAP Latvia SIA, Riga, Latvia 100.0 SAP Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100.0 SAP Malta Investments Ltd., Valletta, Malta 100.0 SAP México S.A. de C.V., Mexico City, Mexico 100.0 SAP Middle East and North Africa L.L.C., Dubai, United Arab Emirates 49.0 5 ) SAP National Security Services, Inc., Newtown Square, PA, United States 100.0 SAP Nederland Holding B.V., ‘s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 11 ) SAP New Zealand Limited, Auckland, New Zealand 100.0 SAP Norge AS, Lysaker, Norway 100.0 SAP North West Africa Ltd, Casablanca, Morocco 100.0 4 ) SAP Österreich GmbH, Vienna, Austria 100.0 SAP PERU S.A.C., Lima, Peru 100.0 SAP Philippines, Inc., Makati, Philippines 100.0 SAP Polska Sp. z o.o., Warsaw, Poland 100.0 SAP Portals Europe GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP Portals Holding Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP Portals Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 F-70 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % SAP Portugal – Sistemas, Aplicações e Produtos Informáticos, Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda., Porto Salvo, Portugal 100.0 SAP Projektverwaltungs- und Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 8 ) SAP Public Services Hungary Kft., Budapest, Hungary 100.0 SAP Public Services, Inc., Washington, DC, United States 100.0 SAP Puerto Rico GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 9 ) SAP Retail Solutions Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP Romania SRL, Bucharest, Romania 100.0 SAP Saudi Arabia Software Services Ltd, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 100.0 SAP Saudi Arabia Software Trading Ltd, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 75.0 SAP Sechste Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 9 ) SAP sistemi, aplikacije in produkti za obdelavo podatkov d.o.o., Ljubljana, Slovenia 100.0 SAP Slovensko s.r.o., Bratislava, Slovakia 100.0 SAP Software and Services LLC, Doha, Qatar 49.0 4 ), 5) SAP Svenska Aktiebolag, Stockholm, Sweden 100.0 SAP Systems, Applications and Products in Data Processing (Thailand) Ltd., Bangkok, Thailand 100.0 SAP Taiwan Co., Ltd., Taipei, Taiwan 100.0 SAP Technologies Inc., Palo Alto, CA, United States 100.0 SAP Training and Development Institute FZCO, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 100.0 SAP Türkiye Yazilim Üretim ve Ticaret A.Ş., Istanbul, Turkey 100.0 SAP UAB, Vilnius, Lithuania 100.0 SAP Ventures Investment GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 9 ) SAP Vierte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 SAP West Balkans d.o.o., Belgrade, Serbia 100.0 Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % SAP Zweite Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf, Germany 100.0 8 ), 9) Sapphire SAP HANA Fund of Funds, L.P., Wilmington, DE, United States 0 6 ) Sapphire Ventures Fund I, L.P., Wilmington, DE, United States 0 6 ) Sapphire Ventures Fund II, L.P., Wilmington, DE, United States 0 6 ) SAPV (Mauritius), Ebene, Mauritius 0 6 ) SAS Financière Multiposting, Paris, France 100.0 4 ) SeeWhy (UK) Limited, Windsor, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) Shanghai SuccessFactors Software Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100.0 SuccessFactors (Philippines), Inc., Pasig City, Philippines 100.0 SuccessFactors (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) SuccessFactors Asia Pacific Limited, Hong Kong, China 100.0 SuccessFactors Australia Holdings Pty Ltd, Brisbane, Australia 100.0 SuccessFactors Australia Pty Limited, Brisbane, Australia 100.0 SuccessFactors Cayman, Ltd., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 100.0 SuccessFactors Hong Kong Limited, Hong Kong, China 100.0 SuccessFactors International Holdings, LLC, San Mateo, CA, United States 100.0 Sybase (UK) Limited, Maidenhead, United Kingdom 100.0 Sybase 365 Ltd., Tortola, British Virgin Islands 100.0 Sybase 365, LLC, Dublin, CA, United States 100.0 Sybase Angola, LDA, Luanda, Angola 100.0 Sybase Iberia S.L., Madrid, Spain 100.0 Sybase India Ltd., Mumbai, India 100.0 Sybase International Holdings Corporation, LLC, Dublin, CA, United States 100.0 Sybase Philippines, Inc., Makati City, Philippines 100.0 Sybase Software (China) Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 F-71 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company Owner- ship Foot- note % Sybase Software (India) Private Ltd., Mumbai, India 100.0 Syclo International Limited, Leeds, United Kingdom 100.0 Systems Applications Products Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 Systems Applications Products Africa Region (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 Systems Applications Products Nigeria Limited, Victoria Island, Nigeria 100.0 Systems Applications Products South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 89.5 TechniData GmbH, Markdorf, Germany 100.0 Technology Licensing Company, LLC, Atlanta, GA, United States 100.0 TomorrowNow, Inc., Bryan, TX, United States 100.0 Travel Technology, LLC, Atlanta, GA, United States 100.0 TripIt LLC, Wilmington, DE, United States 100.0 TRX Data Service, Inc., Glen Allen, VA, United States 100.0 TRX Europe Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) TRX Fulfillment Services, LLC, Atlanta, GA, United States 100.0 TRX Germany GmbH, Berlin, Germany 100.0 TRX Luxembourg, S.a.r.l., Luxembourg City, Luxembourg 100.0 TRX Technologies India Private Limited, Raman Nagar, India 100.0 TRX Technology Services, L.P., Atlanta, GA, United States 100.0 TRX UK Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 10 ) TRX, Inc., Atlanta, GA, United States 100.0 1) These figures are based on our local IFRS financial statements prior to eliminations resulting from consolidation and therefore do not
reflect the contribution of these companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The translation of the equity into Group currency is based on period-end closing exchange rates, and on average exchange rates for revenue and net
income/loss. 2) As at December 31, 2015, including
managing directors, in FTE. 3) Figures for profit/loss
after tax and total equity pursuant to HGB, section 285 and section 313 are not disclosed if they are of minor significance for a fair presentation of the profitability, liquidity, capital resources and financial position of SAP SE, pursuant to HGB,
section 313 (2) sentence 3 no. 4 and section 286 (3) sentence 1 no. 1. 4) Consolidated for the first time in 2015. 5) Agreements with
the other shareholders provide that SAP SE fully controls the entity. 6) SAP SE does not hold any ownership interests in four structured entities, SAPV (Mauritius), Sapphire SAP HANA Fund of Funds, L.P., Sapphire Ventures Fund I, L.P. and Sapphire
Ventures Fund II, L.P. However, based on the terms of limited partnership agreements under which these entities were established, SAP SE is exposed to the majority of the returns related to their operations and has the current ability to direct
these entities’ activities that affect these returns, in accordance with IFRS 10 (Consolidated Financial Statements). Accordingly, the results of operations are included in SAP’s consolidated financial statements. 7) Entity whose personally liable partner is SAP SE. 8) Entity with profit and loss transfer agreement. 9) Pursuant to HGB, section 264 (3) or section 264b, the
subsidiary is exempt from applying certain legal requirements to their statutory stand-alone financial statements including the requirement to prepare notes to the financial statements and a review of operations, the requirement of independent audit
and the requirement of public disclosure. 10) Pursuant
to sections 479A to 479C of the UK Companies Act 2006, the entity is exempt from having its financial statements audited on the basis that SAP SE has provided a guarantee of the entity’s liabilities in respect of its financial year ended
31 December 2015. 11) Pursuant to article 2:403 of
the Dutch Civil Code, the entity is exempt from applying certain legal requirements to their statutory stand-alone financial statements including the requirement to prepare the financial statements, the requirement of independent audit and the
requirement of public disclosure on the basis that SAP SE has provided a guarantee of the entity’s liabilities in respect of its financial year ended 31 December 2015. Other Equity Investments Name and Location of Company Owner- ship % Joint Arrangements and Investments in Associates China DataCom Corporation Limited, Guangzhou, China 28.30 Convercent, Inc., Denver, CO, United States 44.16 Evature Technologies (2009) Ltd., Ramat Gan, Israel 30.46 Greater Pacific Capital (Cayman) L.P., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 5.35 Nor1, Inc., Santa Clara, CA, United States 18.64 Procurement Negócios Eletrônicos S/A, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 17.00 SAP - NOVABASE, A.C.E., Porto Salvo, Portugal 66.66 StayNTouch Inc., Bethesda, MD, United States 37.40 Visage Mobile Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States 40.60 Yapta, Inc., Seattle, WA , United States 46.49 Name and Location of Company Equity Investments with Ownership of at Least 5% Alchemist Accelerator Fund I LLC, San Francisco, CA, United States F-72 Table of Contents Name and Location of Company All Tax Platform - Solucoes Tributarias S.A., São Paulo, Brazil Alteryx, Inc., Irvine, CA, United States Amplify Partners II L.P., Cambridge, MA, United States Amplify Partners L.P., Cambridge, MA, United States AP Opportunity Fund, LLC, Menlo Park, CA, United States ArisGlobal Holdings LLC, Stamford, CT, United States Char Software, Inc., Boston, MA, United States Costanoa Venture Capital II L.P., Palo Alto, CA, United States Costanoa Venture Capital QZ, LLC, Palo Alto, CA, United States Cyphort, Inc., Santa Clara, CA, United States Data Collective II L.P., San Francisco, CA, United States Data Collective III L.P., San Francisco, CA, United States EIT ICT Labs GmbH, Berlin, Germany FeedZai S.A., Lisbon, Portugal Follow Analytics, Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States GK Software AG, Schöneck, Germany IDG Ventures USA III, L.P., San Francisco, CA, United States InnovationLab GmbH, Heidelberg, Germany Integral Ad Science, Inc., New York, NY, United States iYogi Holdings Pvt. Ltd., Port Louis, Mauritius Jibe, Inc., New York, NY, United States Kaltura, Inc., New York, NY, United States Krux Digital, Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States Lavante, Inc., San Jose, CA, United States Local Globe VII, L.P., St. Peter Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands Looker Data Sciences, Inc., Santa Cruz, CA, United
States Name and Location of Company MuleSoft, Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States MVP Strategic Partnership Fund GmbH & Co. KG, Grünwald, Germany Narrative Science, Inc., Chicago, IL, United States Notation Capital, L.P., Brooklyn, NY, United States On Deck Capital, Inc., New York, NY, United States OpenX Software Limited, Pasadena, CA, United States Patent Quality, Inc., Bellevue, WA, United States Point Nine Capital Fund II GmbH & Co. KG, Berlin, Germany Point Nine Capital Fund III GmbH & Co. KG, Berlin, Germany Post for Systems, Cairo, Egypt PubNub, Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States Realize Corporation, Tokyo, Japan Return Path, Inc., New York, NY, United States Rome2rio Pty. Ltd., Albert Park, Australia Scytl, S.A., Barcelona, Spain Smart City Planning, Inc., Tokyo, Japan Socrata, Inc., Seattle, WA, United States Storm Ventures V, L.P., Menlo Park, CA, United States SV Angel IV L.P., San Francisco, CA, United States T3C Inc., Mountain View, CA, United States TableNow, Inc., San Francisco, CA, United States Technologie- und Gründerzentrum Walldorf Stiftung GmbH, Walldorf, Germany The Currency Cloud Group Limited, London, United Kingdom The SAVO Group Ltd., Chicago, IL, United States TidalScale, Inc., Santa Clara, CA, United States Upfront V, L.P., Santa Monica, CA, United States F-73