20-F 1 d481961d20f.htm FORM 20-F Form 20-F Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 20-F ¨ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR ¨ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this shell company report For the transition period from to Commission file number: 1-14251 SAP AG (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) SAP CORPORATION (Translation of Registrant’s name into English) Federal Republic of
Germany (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16 69190 Walldorf Federal Republic of Germany (Address of principal executive offices) Wendy Boufford c/o SAP Labs 3410 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, United States of America 650-849-4000 (Tel) 650-849-2650 (Fax) (Name, Telephone, Email and/or Facsimile number and
Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered American Depositary Shares, each Representing one Ordinary Share, without nominal
value New York Stock Exchange Ordinary Shares, without nominal value New York Stock Exchange* Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period
covered by the annual report: Ordinary Shares, without nominal value: 1,228,504,232 (as of December 31, 2012) ** Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨ If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ¨ No þ Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) Yes ¨ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer þ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial
statements included in this filing: U.S. GAAP ¨ International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board þ Other ¨ If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the
registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ¨ Item 18 ¨ If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ¨ No þ * Listed not for trading or quotation purposes, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such ordinary shares pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ** Including 36,334,516 treasury shares. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1 MEASURES CITED IN THIS REPORT 2 PART I 10 ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS 10 ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE 10 ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION 10 Selected Financial Data 10 Exchange Rates 12 Dividends 12 Risk Factors 13 ITEM 4. INFORMATION ABOUT SAP 25 Vision, Mission, and Strategy 26 Business Activity and Organization 27 Portfolio of Products, Solutions, and Services 28 Sales, Marketing, and Distribution 34 Research and Development 35 Partner Ecosystem 38 Acquisitions 39 Energy and Emissions 40 Seasonality 41 Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Licenses 42 Description of Property 42 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 43 ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS 43 Overview 43 Economic Conditions 44 Outlook for 2012 45 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Exposure 63 Outlook 63 Liquidity and Capital Resources 68 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 72 Contractual Obligations 73 Research and Development 73 Critical Accounting Estimates 73 New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 74 ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 75 Supervisory Board 75 Executive Board 76 Compensation Report 77 Employees 93 Share Ownership 94 Share-Based Compensation Plans 94 ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 95 Major Shareholders 95 Related-Party Transactions 96 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 96 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 96 Other Financial Information 96 i Table of Contents ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING 96 General 96 Trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the NYSE 97 ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 98 Articles of Incorporation 98 Corporate Governance 98 Change in Control 102 Change in Share Capital 103 Rights Accompanying Our Shares 103 Taxation 104 Material Contracts 109 Documents on Display 110 ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 110 ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 110 American Depositary Shares 110 PART II 112 ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES 112 ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF
PROCEEDS 112 ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 112 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 112 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 112 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 112 ITEM 16. [RESERVED] 112 ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 112 ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS 113 ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 113 Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees 113 Audit Committee’s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 113 ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES 114 ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS 115 ITEM 16F. CHANGES IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT 115 ITEM 16G. DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES 115 Introduction 115 Legal Framework 116 Significant Differences 116 German Stock Corporations are Required to have a Two-Tier Board System 116 Director Independence Rules 116 Audit Committee Independence 117 Rules on Non-Management Board Meetings are Different 117 Rules on Establishing Committees Differ 117 Rules on Shareholders’ Compulsory Approval are Different 118 Specific Principles of Corporate Governance 118 Specific Code of Business Conduct 118 PART III 119 ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 119 ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 119 ITEM 19. EXHIBITS 119 Signatures 121 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements F-3 ii Table of Contents INTRODUCTION SAP AG is a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and is referred to in this report, together with its subsidiaries, as SAP, or as “Company,” “Group,” “we,”
“our,” or “us.” Our Consolidated Financial Statements included in “Item 18. Financial Statements” in this report have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board, referred to as IFRS throughout this report. In this report: (i) references to “US$,”
“$,” or “dollars” are to U.S. dollars; (ii) references to “€” or “euro” are to the euro. Our financial statements are denominated in euros, which is the currency of our home country, Germany. Certain
amounts that appear in this report may not add up because of differences due to rounding. Unless otherwise specified herein, euro financial
data have been converted into dollars at the noon buying rate in New York City for cable transfers in foreign currencies as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “Noon Buying Rate”) on
December 31, 2012, which was US$1.3186 per €1.00. No representation is made that such euro amounts actually represent such dollar amounts or that such euro amounts could have been or can be converted into dollars at that or any other
exchange rate on such date or on any other date. The rate used for the convenience translations also differs from the currency exchange rates used for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. This convenience translation is not a
requirement under IFRS and, accordingly, our independent registered public accounting firm has not audited these US$ amounts. For information regarding recent rates of exchange between euro and dollars, see “Item 3. Key Information –
Exchange Rates.” On March 7, 2013, the Noon Buying Rate for converting euro to dollars was US$1.3098 per €1.00. Unless the
context otherwise requires, references in this report to ordinary shares are to SAP AG’s ordinary shares, without nominal value. References in this report to “ADRs” are to SAP AG’s American Depositary Receipts, each representing
one SAP ordinary share. References in this report to “ADSs” are to SAP AG’s American Depositary Shares, which are the deposited securities evidenced by the ADRs. SAP, R/3, ABAP, BAPI, SAP NetWeaver, Duet, PartnerEdge, ByDesign, SAP BusinessObjects Explorer, StreamWork, SAP HANA, the Business Objects logo, BusinessObjects, Crystal Reports, Crystal Decisions, Web Intelligence, Xcelsius, Sybase, Adaptive Server, Adaptive Server Enterprise,
iAnywhere, Sybase 365, SQL Anywhere, Crossgate, B2B 360°, B2B 360° Services, m@gic EDDY, Ariba, Quadrem, b-process, Ariba Discovery, SuccessFactors, Execution is the Difference, BizX Mobile Touchbase, It’s time to love work again, Jam
and BadAss SaaS and other SAP products and services mentioned herein as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP AG in Germany or an SAP affiliate company. Throughout this report, whenever a reference is made to our website, such reference does not incorporate by reference into this report the information
contained on our website. We intend to make this report and other periodic reports publicly available on our Web site (www.sap.com) without
charge immediately following our filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We assume no obligation to update or revise any part of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are
required to do so by law. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements and information based on the beliefs of, and assumptions made by, our management using information
currently available to them. Any statements contained in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations, assumptions, and projections about future conditions and events. As a result, our forward-looking statements and information are subject to uncertainties and risks. A broad range of uncertainties and risks, many of which
are beyond our control, could cause our actual results and performance to differ materially from any projections expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. The uncertainties and risks include, but are not limited to: • Uncertainty in the global economy, financial markets, and in political conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows and put pressure on our operating profit. 1 Table of Contents • Third parties have claimed, and might claim in the future, that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which could lead to damages being
awarded against us and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. • There is a risk that undetected security vulnerabilities shipped and deployed within our software products could cause customer damage. • Established customers might not buy additional software products, renew maintenance agreements, or purchase additional professional services, or they
might switch to other products or service offerings (including competitor products). We describe these and other risks and
uncertainties in the Risk Factors section. If one or more of these uncertainties or risks materializes, or if management’s underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results could differ materially from those described in or inferred from our forward-looking statements and information. The words “aim,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “counting on,” “is confident,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “seek,”
“should,” “strategy,” “want,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions as they relate to us are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements include, for example, those made
in the Operating Results section, our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk pursuant to the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), namely IFRS 7 and related statements in our Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Risk Report, our outlook guidance, and other forward-looking information appearing in other parts of this report. To fully consider the factors that could affect our future financial results, both our Management Report and this
report should be considered, as well as all of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date specified or
the date of this report. Except where legally required, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information that we receive about conditions that existed upon issuance of this report,
future events, or otherwise unless we are required to do so by law. This report includes statistical data about the IT industry and global economic trends that comes from
information published by sources including International Data Corporation (IDC), a provider of market information and advisory services for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets; the European Central Bank
(ECB); and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). This type of data represents only the estimates of IDC, ECB, IMF, and other sources of industry data. SAP does not adopt or endorse any of the statistical information provided by sources such as IDC,
ECB, IMF, or other similar sources that is contained in this report. In addition, although we believe that data from these sources is generally reliable, this type of data is imprecise. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on this data. MEASURES CITED IN THIS REPORT We use various performance measures to help manage our performance with regard to our primary financial goals, which are growth and profitability, and our primary non-financial goals, which are customer
satisfaction and employee engagement. Measures We Use to Manage Our Financial Performance Revised Software and Software-Related Service Revenue Presentation As a result of placing greater focus on cloud computing, we revised the presentation of our software and software-related service (SSRS) revenue as of January 1, 2012, and we adjusted our comparative
figures accordingly. As a result of these adjustments, the subscription and other software-related service revenue item has been deleted. We believe this creates more transparency regarding SSRS revenue, particularly with respect to revenue from
cloud subscriptions and support. These revenues are no longer recorded under the subscription and other software-related service revenue item, but instead shown as a separate item within the SSRS revenue. Revenue from long-term license agreements
and all other revenue previously shown under SSRS revenue has been broken down into its software and support components and recorded under the software revenue and support revenue items. Thus, we present higher revenue for software and for support
for 2011. This change is merely a reclassification that only 2 Table of Contents affects items within SSRS revenue. The overall sum of SSRS revenue and thus the total revenue are not affected. In addition, we introduced a new subtotal at the end of 2012 to better reflect our wide range of on-premise and cloud solutions: the software revenue item and the cloud subscription and support revenue
item were merged and are now recorded under the software and cloud subscription revenue item. We believe this creates more transparency and allows better comparability with our biggest competitor. Measures We Use to Manage Our Operating Financial Performance In 2012, we used the following key measures to manage our operating financial performance: Non-IFRS SSRS revenue: Our SSRS revenue includes software and related support revenue plus cloud subscription and support
revenue. The principal source of our software revenue is the fees customers pay for on-premise software licenses resulting in software being installed on the customer’s hardware. We generate cloud subscription and support revenue when we
provide software and the respective support for delivery in the cloud. Software revenue and cloud subscription and support revenue are our key revenue drivers because they tend to affect our other revenue streams. Generally, customers who buy
software licenses also enter into maintenance contracts, and these generate recurring software-related service revenue in the form of support revenue after the software sale. Maintenance contracts cover support services and software updates and
enhancements. Software revenue as well as cloud subscription and support revenue also tend to stimulate service revenue from consulting and training sales. Non-IFRS bookings/billings revenue: For our cloud activities we look at the recognized revenues as well as the contract values generated in a given period
(bookings/billings). We measure bookings/billings as the amounts that we are contractually entitled to invoice the customers over the shorter of the contract term and the first 12 months following the contract execution date, anniversary of contract
execution date or contract renewal date (12 months bookings/billings). In contrast to the cloud subscription and support revenues that are recognized over the period of providing the cloud service rather than in the period of contract closure, the
booking/billing numbers give insight into the future revenue potential. When evaluating 12 months bookings/billings numbers, we consider both the total bookings/billings and the subset of bookings/billings that results from new customers or additional
sales to existing customers in the reporting period rather than from subsequent years or renewals of existing contracts. There is no comparable IFRS measure for this figure. Our Cloud Applications segment has grown significantly through the acquisition of SuccessFactors in early 2012. As SuccessFactors is included in SAP’s financials only from the day of acquisition, a
year-over-year comparison of the bookings/billings is impacted by the acquisition. We therefore analyze and report, in addition to the absolute growth rate of bookings/billings for cloud applications, a pro forma growth rate assuming that the
acquisition of SuccessFactors was completed as of January 1, 2011. A similar analysis is not provided for the Ariba segment due to the Ariba acquisition having occurred late in 2012. Non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating margin: In 2012, we used non-IFRS operating profit/non-IFRS operating margin and constant currency non-IFRS operating
profit/non-IFRS operating margin to measure our overall operational process efficiency and overall business performance. Non-IFRS operating margin is the ratio of our non-IFRS operating profit to total non-IFRS revenue, expressed as a percentage.
See below for a discussion of the IFRS and non-IFRS measures we use. Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Operating Financial Performance We use the following measures to manage our non-operating financial performance: Finance income, net: This measure provides insight especially into the return on liquid assets and capital investments and
the cost of borrowed funds. To manage our financial income, net, we focus on cash flow, the composition of our liquid asset and capital investment portfolio, and the average rate of interest at which assets are invested. We also monitor average
outstanding borrowings and the associated finance costs. Days of Sales Outstanding and Days of Payables
Outstanding: We manage working capital by controlling the days’ sales outstanding for operating receivables, or DSO (defined as average number of days from the raised invoice to cash 3 Table of Contents receipt from the customer), and the days’ payables outstanding for operating liabilities, or DPO (defined as average number of days from the received invoice to cash payment to the vendor). Measures We Use to Manage Overall Financial Performance We use the following measures to manage our overall financial performance: Earnings per share
(EPS): EPS measures our overall performance, because it captures all operating and non-operating elements of profit as well as income tax expense. It represents the portion of profit after tax allocable to each SAP share
outstanding (using the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the reporting period). EPS is influenced not only by our operating and non-operating business, and income taxes, but also by the number of shares outstanding. We are
authorized by our shareholders to repurchase shares and believe that such repurchases, additional to dividend distributions, are a good means to return value to our shareholders. Effective tax rate: We define our effective tax rate as the ratio of income tax expense to profit before tax, expressed as a percentage. Operating, investing, and financing cash flows: Our consolidated statement of cash flows provides insight as to how we
generated and used cash and cash equivalents. When used in conjunction with the other primary financial statements, it provides information that helps us evaluate the changes of our net assets, our financial structure (including our liquidity and
solvency), and our ability to affect the amounts and timing of cash flows in order to adapt to changing circumstances and opportunities. Measures We Use to Manage Our Non-Financial Performance In 2012, we used the following key measures to manage our non-financial performance in the areas of employee engagement and customer satisfaction: Employee Engagement Index: With this index, we measure the level of employee commitment, pride, and loyalty, as well as the level of employee advocacy for SAP. The index is
derived from surveys conducted among our employees. With this measure, we recognize that we can achieve our growth strategy only with engaged employees. Net Promoter Score: This score measures the willingness of our customers to recommend or promote SAP to others. It is derived from our customer survey. Conducted each year,
this survey identifies whether a customer is loyal and likely to recommend SAP to friends or colleagues, is neutral, or is unhappy. We introduced this measure in 2012, as we are convinced that we can achieve our financial goals only when our
customers are loyal to and satisfied with SAP and our solutions. To derive the Net Promoter Score (NPS), we start with the percentage of “promoters” of SAP – those who give us a score of 9 or 10 on a scale of 0 to 10. We then subtract
the percentage of “detractors” – those who give us a score of 0 to 6. The methodology calls for ignoring “passives,” who give us a score of 7 or 8. Value-Based Management Our holistic view of the performance measures described above,
together with our associated analyses, comprises the information we use for value-based management. We use planning and control processes to manage the compilation of these key measures and their availability to our decision makers across various
management levels. SAP’s long-term strategic plans are the point of reference for our other planning and controlling processes,
including creating a multiyear plan until 2015. We identify future growth and profitability drivers at a highly aggregated level. This process is intended to identify the best areas in which to target sustained investment. Next, we evaluate our
multiyear plans for our support and development functions and break down the customer-facing plans by sales region. Based on our detailed annual plans, we determine the budget for the respective year. We also have processes in place to forecast
revenue and profit on a quarterly basis, to quantify whether we expect to realize our strategic goals, and to identify any deviations from plan. We continuously monitor the concerned units in the Group to analyze these developments and define any
appropriate actions. Our entire network of planning, control, and reporting processes is implemented in integrated planning and information
systems, based on SAP software, across all organizational units so that we can conduct the evaluations and analyses needed to make informed decisions. 4 Table of Contents Non-IFRS Financial Measures Cited in This Report As in previous years, we provided our 2012 financial outlook on the basis of certain non-IFRS measures. Therefore, this report contains a non-IFRS based comparison of our actual performance in 2012 against our outlook in the chapter Assets, Finances, and Operating Results. Reconciliations of IFRS to
Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2012 and 2011 The following table reconciles our IFRS financial measures to the respective and most
comparable non-IFRS financial measures of this report for each of 2012 and 2011. Due to rounding, the sum of the numbers presented in this table might not precisely equal the totals we provide. Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2012 and 2011 € millions, unless otherwise stated for the years ended December 31 2012 2011 IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Currency Impact Non-IFRS Constant Currency IFRS Adj. Non-IFRS Revenue measures Software 4,658 0 4,658 –134 4,524 4,107 0 4,107 Cloud subscriptions and support 270 73 343 –21 322 18 0 18 Software and cloud subscriptions 4,928 73 5,001 –155 4,846 4,125 0 4,125 Support 8,237 9 8,246 –286 7,959 7,194 27 7,221 Software and software-related service revenue 13,165 81 13,246 – 441 12,806 11,319 27 11,346 Consulting 2,442 0 2,442 –95 2,347 2,341 0 2,341 Other services 616 0 616 –18 599 573 0 573 Professional services and other service revenue 3,058 0 3,058 – 113 2,945 2,914 0 2,914 Total revenue 16,223 81 16,304 – 553 15,751 14,233 27 14,260 Operating expense measures Cost of software and software-related services –2,551 414 –2,137 –2,107 285 –1,822 Cost of professional services and other services –2,514 128 –2,385 –2,248 32 –2,216 Research and development –2,253 129 –2,124 –1,939 41 –1,898 Sales and marketing –3,907 223 –3,684 –3,081 127 –2,954 General and administration –947 164 –783 –715 30 –685 Restructuring –8 8 0 –4 4 0 TomorrowNow litigation 0 0 0 717 –717 0 Other operating income/expense, net 23 0 23 25 0 25 Total operating expenses – 12,158 1,067 – 11,090 362 – 10,728 – 9,352 – 198 – 9,550 Operating profit measures Operating profit 4,065 1,148 5,214 – 191 5,023 4,881 – 171 4,710 Operating margin in % 25.1 32.0 31.9 34.3 33.0 Explanation of Non-IFRS Measures We disclose certain financial measures, such as non-IFRS revenue, non-IFRS operating expenses, non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating margin, non-IFRS earnings per share, constant currency revenue and operating profit measures that are not prepared in accordance with IFRS and are therefore considered non-IFRS financial
measures. Our non-IFRS financial measures may not correspond to non-IFRS financial measures 5 Table of Contents that other companies report. The non-IFRS financial measures that we report should only be considered in addition to, and not as substitutes for or superior to, revenue, operating expenses,
operating profit, operating margin, earnings per share or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. We
believe that the disclosed supplemental historical and prospective non-IFRS financial information provides useful information to investors because management uses this information, in addition to financial data prepared in accordance with IFRS, to
attain a more transparent understanding of our past performance and our anticipated future results. In 2012, we used these non-IFRS measures consistently in our internal planning and forecasting, reporting and compensation, as well as in our
external communications as follows: • Our management primarily uses these non-IFRS measures rather than IFRS measures as the basis for making financial, strategic and operating decisions. • The variable remuneration components of our Executive Board members and employees are based on non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating profit measures
rather than the respective IFRS measures. • The annual budgeting process for all management units is based on non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating profit numbers rather than the respective
IFRS financial measures. • All forecast and performance reviews with all senior managers globally are based on these non-IFRS measures, rather than the respective IFRS financial
measures. • Both our internal performance targets and the guidance we provided to the capital markets are based on non-IFRS revenues and non-IFRS profit measures
rather than the respective IFRS financial measures. Our non-IFRS financial measures reflect adjustments based on the items
below, as well as adjustments for the related income tax effects. Non-IFRS Revenue Revenue items identified as non-IFRS revenue have been adjusted from the respective IFRS financial measures by including the full amount of support
revenue, cloud subscriptions revenue, and other similarly recurring revenues which we are not permitted to record as revenue under IFRS due to fair value accounting for the contracts in effect at the time of the respective
acquisitions. Under IFRS, we record at fair value the contracts in effect at the time entities were acquired. Consequently, our IFRS support
revenue, our IFRS cloud subscriptions and support revenue, our IFRS software and cloud subscription revenue, our IFRS software and software-related service revenue, and our IFRS total revenue for periods subsequent to acquisitions do not reflect the
full amount of revenue that would have been recorded by entities acquired by SAP had they remained stand-alone entities. Adjusting revenue numbers for this revenue impact provides additional insight into the comparability across periods of our
ongoing performance. Through 2011, our adjustments for deferred revenue write-downs were limited to support revenue. During 2012, we also
made such deferred revenue write-down adjustments for cloud subscriptions revenue and other similarly recurring revenues. As the deferred revenue write-down adjustments for recurring revenues other than support revenue from acquisitions that were
executed through 2011 were immaterial, we have not restated prior-period non-IFRS measures to align with our new non-IFRS revenue definition. Non-IFRS Operating Expense Operating
expense figures that are identified as non-IFRS operating expenses have been adjusted by excluding the following expenses: • Acquisition-related charges • Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone acquisitions of intellectual property
(including purchased in-process research and development) • Settlements of pre-existing business relationships in connection with a business combination • Acquisition-related third-party expenses • Discontinued activities: Results of discontinued operations that qualify as such under IFRS in all respects except that they do not represent a major
line of business • Expenses from our share-based payments • Restructuring expenses 6 Table of Contents Non-IFRS Operating Profit, Non-IFRS Operating Margin, and Non-IFRS Earnings per Share Operating profit, operating margin, and earnings per share identified as non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating margin, and non-IFRS earnings per
share have been adjusted from the respective IFRS measures by adjusting for the above-mentioned non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating expenses. We exclude certain acquisition-related expenses for the purpose of calculating non-IFRS operating profit, non-IFRS operating margin, and non-IFRS earnings per share when evaluating SAP’s continuing
operational performance because these expenses generally cannot be changed or influenced by management after the relevant acquisition other than by disposing of the acquired assets. Since management at levels below the Executive Board does not
influence these expenses, we generally do not consider these expenses for the purpose of evaluating the performance of management units. Additionally, these non-IFRS measures have been adjusted from the respective IFRS measures for the results of
the discontinued activities, share-based payment expenses, and restructuring expenses. Usefulness of Non-IFRS Measures We believe that our non-IFRS measures are useful to investors for the following reasons: • The non-IFRS measures provide investors with insight into management’s decision making because management uses these non-IFRS measures to run our
business and make financial, strategic, and operating decisions. • The non-IFRS measures provide investors with additional information that enables a comparison of year-over-year operating performance by eliminating
certain direct effects of acquisitions and discontinued activities. • Non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures are widely used in the software industry. In many cases, inclusion of our non-IFRS measures may facilitate comparison
with our competitors’ corresponding non-IFRS and non-GAAP measures. Additionally, we believe that our adjustments to our IFRS financial measures for the results of our
discontinued TomorrowNow activities are useful to investors for the following reason: • TomorrowNow activities were discontinued and we will thus continue to exclude potential future TomorrowNow results, which are expected to mainly
comprise expenses in connection with the Oracle lawsuit, from our internal management reporting, planning, forecasting, and compensation plans. Therefore, adjusting our non-IFRS measures for the results of the discontinued TomorrowNow activities
provides insight into the financial measures that SAP uses internally. We include the revenue adjustments outlined above
and exclude the expense adjustments outlined above when making decisions to allocate resources, both on a company level and at lower levels of the organization. In addition, we use these non-IFRS measures to gain a better understanding of SAP’s
operating performance from period to period. We believe that our non-IFRS financial measures described above have limitations, including but
not limited to, the following: • The eliminated amounts could be material to us. • Without being analyzed in conjunction with the corresponding IFRS measures, the non-IFRS measures are not indicative of our present and future
performance, foremost for the following reasons: • While our non-IFRS profit numbers reflect the elimination of certain acquisition-related expenses, no eliminations are made for the additional revenue
and other revenue that result from the acquisitions. • While we adjust for the fair value accounting of the acquired entities’ recurring revenue contracts, we do not adjust for the fair value
accounting of deferred compensation items that result from commissions paid to the acquired company’s sales force and third parties for closing the respective customer contracts. • The acquisition-related charges that we eliminate in deriving our non-IFRS profit numbers are likely to recur should SAP enter into material business
combinations in the future. 7 Table of Contents • The acquisition-related amortization expense that we eliminate in deriving our non-IFRS profit numbers is a recurring expense that will impact our
financial performance in future years. • The revenue adjustment for the fair value accounting of the acquired entities’ contracts and the expense adjustment for acquisition-related
charges do not arise from a common conceptual basis. This is because the revenue adjustment aims to improve the comparability of the initial post-acquisition period with future post-acquisition periods, while the expense adjustment aims to improve
the comparability between post-acquisition periods and pre-acquisition periods. This should particularly be considered when evaluating our non-IFRS operating profit and non-IFRS operating margin numbers as these combine our non-IFRS revenue and
non-IFRS expenses despite the absence of a common conceptual basis. • Our discontinued activities and restructuring charges could result in significant cash outflows. The same applies to our share-based payment expense
because most of our share-based payments are to be settled in cash rather than shares. • The valuation of our cash-settled, share-based payments could vary significantly from period to period due to the fluctuation of our share price and
other parameters used in the valuation of these plans. • We have in the past issued share-based payment awards to our employees every year and we intend to continue doing so in the future. Thus, our
share-based payment expenses are recurring although the amounts usually change from period to period. Despite these
limitations, we believe that the presentation of the non-IFRS measures and the corresponding IFRS measures, together with the relevant reconciliations, provides useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business
trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. We do not evaluate our growth and performance without considering both non-IFRS measures and the comparable IFRS measures. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering our non-IFRS measures only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, revenue or other
measures of our financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. Constant Currency Information We believe it is important for investors to have information that provides insight into our sales. Revenue measures determined under IFRS provide
information that is useful in this regard. However, both sales volume and currency effects impact period-over-period changes in sales revenue. We do not sell standardized units of products and services, so we cannot provide relevant information on
sales volume by providing data on the changes in product and service units sold. To provide additional information that may be useful to investors in breaking down and evaluating changes in sales volume, we present information about our revenue and
various values and components relating to operating profit that are adjusted for foreign currency effects. We calculate constant currency revenue and operating profit measures by translating foreign currencies using the average exchange rates from
the previous year instead of the current year. We believe that constant currency measures have limitations, particularly as the currency
effects that are eliminated constitute a significant element of our revenue and expenses and could materially impact our performance. We therefore limit our use of constant currency measures to the analysis of changes in volume as one element of the
full change in a financial measure. We do not evaluate our results and performance without considering both constant currency measures in non-IFRS revenue and non-IFRS operating profit measures on the one hand, and changes in revenue, operating
expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS on the other. We caution the readers of our financial reports to follow a similar approach by considering constant currency measures only in
addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, changes in revenue, operating expenses, operating profit, or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. 8 Table of Contents Free Cash Flow We use our free cash flow measure to estimate the cash flow remaining after all expenditures required to maintain or expand our organic business have been paid off. This measure provides management with
supplemental information to assess our liquidity needs. We calculate free cash flow as net cash from operating activities minus purchases, other than purchases made in connection with business combinations, of intangible assets and property, plant,
and equipment. Free Cash Flow € millions 2012 2011 Change Net cash flows from operating activities 3,822 3,775 1 % Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment (without acquisitions) –541 –445 22 % Free Cash Flow 3,281 3,330 – 1 % 9 Table of Contents Part I Item 1, 2, 3 PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED
TIMETABLE Not applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following table sets forth our selected consolidated financial data as of and for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2012. The consolidated financial data has been
derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS), presented in
“Item 18. Financial Statements” of this report. Our selected financial data and our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented
in euros. Financial data as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 has been translated into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the reader. 10 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA: IFRS millions, unless otherwise stated 2012 (1) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 US$ € € € € € Income Statement Data: Years ended December 31, Software and software-related service revenue 17,359 13,165 11,319 9,794 8,198 8,457 Total revenue 21,392 16,223 14,233 12,464 10,672 11,575 Operating profit 5,360 4,065 4,881 2,591 2,588 2,701 Operating margin in % (2) 25.1 25.1 34.3 20.8 24.3 23.3 Profit after tax 3,722 2,823 3,439 1,813 1,750 1,848 Profit attributable to owners of parent 3,722 2,823 3,438 1,811 1,748 1,847 Earnings per share (2) Basic in € 3.13 2.37 2.89 1.52 1.47 1.55 Diluted in € 3.12 2.37 2.89 1.52 1.47 1.55 Other Data: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Basic 1,192 1,192 1,189 1,188 1,188 1,190 Diluted 1,193 1,193 1,190 1,189 1,189 1,191 Statement of Financial Position Data: At December 31, Cash and cash equivalents 3,266 2,477 4,965 3,518 1,884 1,280 Total assets (3) 35,385 26,835 23,227 20,839 13,374 13,900 Current financial liabilities (4) 1,058 802 1,331 142 146 2,563 Non-current financial liabilities (4) 5,862 4,446 2,925 4,449 729 40 Issued capital 1,621 1,229 1,228 1,227 1,226 1,226 Total equity 18,686 14,171 12,707 9,824 8,491 7,171 (1) Amounts presented in US$ have been translated for the convenience of the reader at €1.00 to US$1.3186, the Noon Buying Rate for converting
€1.00 into dollars on December 31, 2012. See “Item 3. Key Information – Exchange Rates” for recent exchange rates between the Euro and the dollar. (2) Operating profit is the numerator and total revenue is the denominator in the calculation of operating margin. Profit attributable to owners of parent
is the numerator and weighted average number of shares outstanding is the denominator in the calculation of earnings per share. See Note (11) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on earnings per share. (3) The large increase in total assets from 2009 to 2010 was mainly due to the acquisition of Sybase in 2010. The large increase in total assets from 2011
to 2012 was mainly due to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba in 2012. See Note (4) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on acquisitions. (4) The balances include primarily bonds, private placements and bank loans. Current is defined as having a remaining life of one year or less; non-current
is defined as having a remaining term exceeding one year. The high amount of current financial liabilities during 2008 was due to financial debt incurred to finance the acquisition of Business Objects. The significant increase in non-financial
liabilities in 2010 was due to an acquisition-term loan used to finance the acquisition of Sybase. In addition, we issued two bonds and a U.S. private placement transaction, of which, the proceeds were primarily used to finance the acquisition of
Sybase. The significant increase in non-financial liabilities in 2012 was due to the issuance of a U.S. private placement transaction and Eurobonds in the course of the acquisition of Ariba. See Note (17b) to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information on our liabilities. 11 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 EXCHANGE RATES The prices for our ordinary shares traded on German stock exchanges are denominated in euro. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the euro and the U.S. dollar affect the dollar equivalent of the euro
price of the ordinary shares traded on the German stock exchanges and, as a result, may affect the price of the ADRs traded on the NYSE in the United States. See “Item 9. The Offer and Listing” for a description of the ADRs. In addition,
SAP AG pays cash dividends, if any, in euro. As a result, any exchange rate fluctuations will also affect the dollar amounts received by the holders of ADRs on the conversion into dollars of cash dividends paid in euro on the ordinary shares
represented by the ADRs. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the depositary (the Depositary) for SAP AG’s ADR program. The deposit agreement with respect to the ADRs requires the Depositary to convert any dividend payments from euro into
dollars as promptly as practicable upon receipt. For additional information on the Depositary and the fees associated with SAP’s ADR program see “Item 12 Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities – American Depositary
Shares.” A significant portion of our revenue and expense is denominated in currencies other than the euro. Therefore, fluctuations in
the exchange rate between the euro and the respective currencies in which we conduct business could materially affect our business, financial position, income or cash flows. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects –
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Exposure” for details on the impact of these exchange rate fluctuations. The following table sets forth (i) the average, high and low Noon Buying Rates for the euro expressed
as U.S. dollars per €1.00 for the past five years on an annual basis and (ii) the high and low Noon Buying Rates on a monthly basis from July 2012 through March 7, 2013. Year Average (1) High Low 2008 1.4695 1.6010 1.2446 2009 1.3955 1.5100 1.2547 2010 1.3216 1.4536 1.1959 2011 1.4002 1.4875 1.2926 2012 1.2909 1.3463 1.2062 Month High Low 2012 July 1.2620 1.2062 August 1.2583 1.2149 September 1.3142 1.2566 October 1.3133 1.2876 November 1.3010 1.2715 December 1.3260 1.2930 2013 January 1.3584 1.3047 February 1.3692 1.3054 March (through March 7, 2013) 1.3098 1.2988 (1) The average of the applicable Noon Buying Rates on the last day of each month during the relevant period. The Noon Buying Rate on March 7, 2013 was US$1.3098 per €1.00. DIVIDENDS Dividend Distribution Policy Dividends are jointly proposed by SAP AG’s Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) and Executive Board (Vorstand) based on SAP AG’s year-end
stand-alone statutory financial statements, subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Dividends are officially declared for the prior year at SAP AG’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. SAP AG’s Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders usually convenes during the second quarter of each year. Dividends are usually remitted to the custodian bank on behalf of the shareholder within one business day following the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Record
holders of the ADRs on the dividend record date will be entitled to receive 12 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 payment of the dividend declared in respect of the year for which it is declared. Cash dividends payable to such holders will be paid to the Depositary in euro and, subject to certain exceptions,
will be converted by the Depositary into U.S. dollars. Dividends paid to holders of the ADRs may be subject to German withholding tax. See
“Item 8. Financial Information – Other Financial Information – Dividend Policy” and “Item 10. Additional Information – Taxation,” for further information. Annual Dividends Paid and Proposed The following table sets forth in euro the annual
dividends paid or proposed to be paid per ordinary share in respect of each of the years indicated. One SAP ADR currently represents one SAP AG ordinary share. Accordingly, the final dividend per ADR is equal to the dividend for one SAP AG ordinary
share and is dependent on the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate. The table does not reflect tax credits that may be available to German taxpayers who receive dividend payments. If you own our ordinary shares or ADRs and if you are a U.S. resident,
refer to “Item 10. Additional Information – Taxation,” for further information. Dividend Paid per Ordinary Share Year Ended December 31, € US$ 2008 0.50 0.68 (1) 2009 0.50 0.60 (1) 2010 0.60 0.85 (1) 2011 1.10 (2) 1.38 (1) 2012 (proposed) 0.85 (3) 1.11 (3),(4) (1) Translated for the convenience of the reader from euro into U.S. dollars at the Noon Buying Rate for converting euro into U.S. dollars on the dividend
payment date. The Depositary is required to convert any dividend payments received from SAP as promptly as practicable upon receipt. (2) Thereof a special dividend of €0.35 per share to celebrate our
40 th anniversary. (3) Subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of SAP AG currently scheduled to be held on June 4, 2013. (4) Translated for the convenience of the reader from euro into U.S. dollars at the Noon Buying Rate for converting euro into U.S. dollars on March 7,
2013 of US$1.3098 per €1.00. The dividend paid may differ due to changes in the exchange rate. The amount of dividends paid on the ordinary shares depends on the amount of profits to be distributed by
SAP AG, which depends in part upon our performance. In addition, the amount of dividends received by holders of ADRs may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates (see “Item 3. Key Information – Exchange Rates”). The timing and
amount of future dividend payments will depend upon our future earnings, capital needs and other relevant factors, in each case as proposed by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board of SAP AG and approved by the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders. RISK FACTORS Economic, Political, Social, and Regulatory Risk Uncertainty in the global economy,
financial markets, or political conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows and put pressure on our operating profit. The ability of our customers to invest in our products is dependent on current economic, financial, and political conditions. In the mid- to long-term, events such as a global economic crisis, shifts in
government policy, fluctuations in national currencies, a potential euro area break-up, U.S. or European recession, or increasing sovereign debts, could negatively impact our customers’ ability and willingness to make investments in our
products and services. These events could reduce the demand for SAP software and services, and lead to the following: • Delayed purchases, decreased deal size, or cancelations of proposed investments • Higher credit barriers for customers, reducing their ability to finance software purchases • Increased number of bankruptcies among customers, business partners, and key suppliers • Increased default risk, which may lead to significant impairment charges in the future • Market disruption from aggressive competitive behavior, acquisitions, or business practices • Increased price competition and demand for cheaper products and services 13 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 Economic, financial, or political uncertainty could therefore cause a decline in our revenue and operating
profit. As a result, we could fail to achieve our operating profit target. Our international business activities expose us to numerous and
potentially conflicting regulatory requirements, and risks which could harm our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. We
currently market our products and services in more than 130 countries in the APJ, EMEA, Latin America, and North America regions. Sales in these countries are subject to numerous risks inherent in international business operations. Among others,
these risks include: • Conflict and overlap among tax regimes • Possible tax constraints impeding business operations in certain countries • Expenses associated with the localization of our products and compliance with local regulatory requirements • Operational difficulties in countries with a high corruption perception index • Protectionist trade policies • Regulations for import and export • Works councils, labor unions, and immigration laws in different countries • Data protection and privacy in regard to access by foreign authorities to customer, partner, or employee data • Country-specific software certification requirements As we expand further into new countries and markets, these risks could intensify. One or more of these factors could negatively impact our operations globally or in one or more countries or regions.
Overall, we could fail to achieve our revenue target. Social and political instability caused by terrorist attacks, civil unrest, war, or international
hostilities as well as pandemic disease outbreaks or natural disasters may disrupt SAP’s business operations. Terrorist attacks and
other acts of violence or war, civil and political unrest (such as in the Middle East), or natural disasters (such as “Superstorm Sandy” or similar events) could have a significant negative impact on the related economy or beyond. An event
that results, for example, in the loss of a significant number of our employees, or in the disruption or disablement of operations at our locations, could affect our ability to provide business services. Furthermore, this could have a significant
negative impact on our partners as well as our customers and their investment decisions, which could prevent us from achieving our future revenue and operating profit target. Market Risks Our established customers might not buy additional software
solutions, renew maintenance agreements, purchase additional professional services, or they might switch to other products or service offerings (including competitive products). In 2012, we offered a wide range of support services including SAP MaxAttention, SAP Enterprise Support, and SAP Product Support for Large Enterprises. We continue to depend materially on the success of
our support portfolio and on our ability to deliver high-quality services. Traditionally, our large installed customer base generates additional new software, maintenance, consulting, and training revenue. Existing customers might cancel or not
renew their maintenance contracts, decide not to buy additional products and services, switch to subscription models, or accept alternative offerings from other vendors so that we could fail to achieve our maintenance-related revenue and operating
profit target. 14 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 The market for our Cloud product portfolio depends on widespread adoption of cloud solutions instead of
on-premise solutions. The market for cloud solutions is at a relatively early stage of development. As a result, if it does not develop or develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed. The market for cloud computing is at an early stage relative to on-premise solutions. Cloud applications may not achieve and sustain high levels of
demand and market acceptance. Our success will depend on the willingness of organizations to increase their use of software as a service. Many companies have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional enterprise
software into their businesses, and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to the cloud. We have encountered customers who were unwilling to subscribe to our Cloud product portfolio because they could not install it on their premises.
Other factors that could affect the market acceptance of cloud solutions include: • Perceived security capabilities and reliability • Perceived concerns about the ability to scale operations for large enterprise customers • Concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage critical employee or company-confidential data • The level of configurability or customizability of the software If organizations do not perceive the benefits of cloud computing, the market for our cloud business might not develop further, or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would adversely
affect our business. Our market share and profit could decline due to intense competition, consolidation, and technological innovation in
the software industry. The software industry continues to evolve rapidly and currently is undergoing a significant shift due to
innovations in the areas of mobile, Big Data, cloud computing, and social media. While smaller innovative companies tend to create new markets continuously, large traditional IT vendors tend to enter such markets mostly through acquisitions. In 2012, most merger and acquisition activities within the software industry were in cloud computing, social media, database and technology, and analytics. Therefore, SAP is facing increased
competition in its business environment from traditional as well as new competitors. This could result in increased price pressure, cost increases, and loss of market share and could negatively impact the achievement of our future operating profit
target. Business Strategy Risks Demand for our new solutions may not develop as planned and our strategy on new business models and flexible consumption models may not be successful. Our customers are looking to take advantage of technological breakthroughs from SAP without compromising their previous IT investments. Thus, our
customers might not realize the expected benefits from these previous investments. Additionally, the introduction of new SAP solutions, technologies, and business models are subject to uncertainties. Therefore, customers might wait for reference
customers first, which might lead to a lower level of adoption of our new solutions and business models or no adoption at all. Our Cloud
organization recognizes subscription and support revenue from our customers over the term of their agreements, and our business depends substantially on customers renewing their agreements and purchasing additional modules or users from us. Also,
any downturns or upturns in cloud sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results, and any decline in our customer renewals would harm the future operating results of the cloud business. We recognize cloud subscription and support revenue over the duration of our cloud business customer agreements, which typically range from one to three
years with some up to five years. As a result, most of the respective revenue recognized in a given period originates from agreements entered into in earlier periods. Consequently, a shortfall in demand for our Cloud portfolio in any period may not
significantly impact our cloud subscription and support 15 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 revenue for that quarter, but could negatively affect targeted cloud subscription and support revenue in future periods. To maintain or improve our operating results in the cloud business, it is important that our customers renew their agreements with us when the initial contract term expires and purchase additional modules
or additional users. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the initial subscription period, and we cannot assure that customers will renew subscriptions at the same or higher level of service, if at all. Our customers’ renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our
cloud product portfolio, our customer support, our pricing, the prices of competing products or services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions in our customers’ spending
levels. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional modules or users, our revenue and billings may decline, and we may not realize significantly improved operating results from our
customer base. We might fail to maintain and enhance an effective partner ecosystem. A vibrant and open partner ecosystem is a fundamental pillar of our success and growth strategy. We have entered into partnership agreements that drive
co-innovation on our platforms, profitably expand all our routes-to-market to optimize market coverage, and provide high-quality services capacity in all market segments. Partners play a key role in driving market adoption of our entire solutions
portfolio, by co-innovating on our platforms, embedding our technology, and reselling and/or implementing our software. These partners might
not do the following: • Enable enough resources to promote, sell, and support to scale into targeted markets • Develop a sufficient number of new solutions and content on our platforms • Sufficiently embed our solutions to profitably drive “SAP everywhere” (OEM model) • Provide high-quality products and services to our customers • Comply with applicable laws and regulations, resulting in delayed, disrupted, or terminated sales and services • Renew their agreements with us on terms acceptable to us or at all If one or more of these risks materialize, the demand for our products and services may be adversely impacted, and we may not be able to compete successfully with other software vendors. As a result, we
might not achieve our revenue target. Human Capital Risks If we do not effectively manage our geographically dispersed workforce, we may not be able to run our business efficiently and successfully. Our success is dependent on appropriate alignment of our internal and external workforce planning processes and our location strategy with our general
strategy. It is critical that we manage our internationally dispersed workforce effectively, taking short and long-term workforce and skill requirements into consideration. Changes in headcount and infrastructure needs could result in a mismatch
between our expenses and revenue. Failure to do so could hinder our ability to run our business efficiently and successfully. If we are
unable to attract, develop and retain leaders and employees with specialized knowledge and technology skills, or are unable to achieve internal gender diversity objectives, we might not be able to manage our operations effectively and successfully,
or develop successful new solutions and services. Our highly qualified workforce provides the foundation for our continued success.
Competition in our industry for highly-skilled and specialized personnel and leaders, both male and female, is intense. In certain regions and specific technology and solution areas, we have set ambitious growth targets in countries such as Brazil,
China, and Russia. If we are unable to identify, attract, develop, motivate, and retain well-qualified personnel, both male and female, or if existing 16 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 highly-skilled and specialized personnel leave SAP and ready successors or adequate replacements are not available, we may not be able to manage our operations effectively or develop, sell, or
implement successful new solutions and services as planned. This is particularly true as we continue to introduce new and innovative technology offerings and expand our business in emerging markets. In addition, SAP might not be able to achieve its
internal gender diversity objectives by 2017. Finally, hiring such personnel could expose us to claims by other companies seeking to prevent their employees from working for a competitor. Organizational and Governance-Related Risks Laws and regulatory requirements in
Germany, the United States, and elsewhere have become much more stringent. As a stock corporation domiciled in Germany with securities
listed in Germany and the United States, we are subject to German, U.S., and other governance-related regulatory requirements. The regulatory requirements have become significantly more stringent in recent years, and some legislation, such as
the anticorruption legislation in Germany, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the UK Bribery Act, is being applied more rigorously. The rules are highly complex. Any failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or any
related allegations of wrongdoing against us, whether merited or not, could have a significant negative impact on our reputation and our stock price. Non-compliance with applicable data protection and privacy laws or failure to adequately meet the requirements of SAP’s customers with respect to our products and services could lead to civil
liabilities and fines, as well as loss of customers and damage to SAP’s reputation. As a global software and service provider, SAP
is required to comply with the laws in the locations where SAP does business. SAP and its subsidiaries are facing a surge of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the world, with further changes to be expected in the future, for
example, by the European Data Protection Regulation proposed by the European Commission. These laws and regulations amend and supplement existing requirements regarding the processing of personal data that SAP and SAP’s customers need to fulfill and which SAP
consequently must address with its products and services. Failure to comply with applicable laws or to adequately address privacy concerns of customers, even if unfounded, could lead to investigations by supervisory authorities, civil liability,
fines (in the future potentially calculated based on the Company’s annual turnover), loss of customers, and damage to SAP’s reputation, and thereby harm SAP’s business. Failure to respond to meet customer, partner, or other stakeholder expectations or generally accepted standards on climate change, energy constraints, and our social investment strategy could
negatively impact SAP’s business, results of operations, and reputation. Energy and emissions management as well as our social
investments are an integral component of our holistic management of social, environmental and economic risks and opportunities. We have identified related risks in these major areas: • Our solutions and green IT • SAP’s own operations – energy management and other environmental issues such as carbon management, water use, and waste • Social investments focusing on education and entrepreneurship Because SAP’s customers, employees, and investors expect a reliable energy and carbon strategy, we have re-emphasized our previously communicated targets, especially our annual carbon target of 480
kilotons for greenhouse gas emissions. If we do not achieve this target, our customers might no longer recognize SAP for its environmental leadership and buy other vendors’ products and services with the consequence that we could fail to
achieve our revenue target. Principal shareholders may be able to exert control over our future direction and operations. If SAP AG’s principal shareholders and the holdings of entities controlled by them vote in the same manner, this could delay, prevent or facilitate
a change in control of SAP or other 17 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 significant changes to SAP AG or its capital structure. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related-Party Transactions – Major Shareholders” for further information. U.S. judgments may be difficult or impossible to enforce against us or our Board members. Currently, except for Bill McDermott, Lars Dalgaard and Vishal Sikka, all members of SAP AG’s Executive Board and all members of the Supervisory
Board are non-residents of the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of SAP and our Board members are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the United States upon
non-U.S. resident persons or SAP or to enforce against non-U.S. resident persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States. In addition, awards of punitive damages in
actions brought in the United States or elsewhere might be unenforceable in Germany. Communication and Information Risks Our controls and efforts to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information might not always be effective. Information classified as “confidential” or “strictly confidential” that is related to topics such as our strategy,
new technologies, mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial results, or personal data could be prematurely or inadvertently disclosed. For some of these events, this could require notification of multiple regulatory agencies and, where
appropriate, the data owner, which could result in a loss of reputation for SAP. For example, breached information during a merger or acquisition deal could cause the loss of our deal target, or our share price could decline in case of prematurely
published financial results. This could also negatively impact our market position, and lead to fines and penalties. In addition, this could prevent us from achieving our operating profit target. Financial Risks Our sales are subject to quarterly fluctuations and our sales forecasts may not be accurate. Our revenue and operating results can vary and have varied in the past, sometimes substantially, from quarter to quarter. Our revenue in general, and in particular our software revenue, is difficult to
forecast for a number of reasons, including: • The relatively long sales cycles for our products • The large size, complexity, and extended timing of individual license transactions • The introduction of new licensing and deployment models such as cloud subscription models • The timing of the introduction of new products or product enhancements by SAP or our competitors • Changes in customer budgets • Decreased software sales that could have a significant negative impact on related maintenance and services revenue • Timing, size, and length of a customer’s services projects • Deployment models that require the recognition of revenue over an extended period of time • Seasonality of a customer’s technology purchases • Limited visibility into the ability of acquired companies to accurately predict their sales pipelines and the likelihood that the projected pipeline
will convert favorably into sales • Other general economic, social, environmental, and market conditions, such as the global economic crisis and the current difficulties for countries
with large debt Since many of our customers make their IT purchasing decisions near the end of calendar quarters, and with
a significant percentage of those decisions being made during our fourth quarter, even a small delay in purchasing decisions could have a significant negative impact on our revenue results for a given year. Our dependence on large transactions has
decreased in recent years with a trend towards an increased number of transactions coupled with a decrease in 18 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 deal size. However, the loss or delay of one or a few large opportunities, which are still characteristic of the large enterprise segment, could have a significant negative impact on our results
in terms of failure to achieve our revenue target. External factors could impact our liquidity and increase the default risk associated
with and the valuation of our financial assets. An economic downturn (for example, resulting from the euro area crisis) could have a
significant negative impact on our future liquidity. We use a globally centralized financial management to control financial risk, such as liquidity, exchange rate, interest rate, counterparty, and equity price risks. The primary aim is to maintain
liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations at any time. Our total group liquidity was €2,492 million on December 31, 2012. This position is supported by our strong operating cash flows, of which a large
part is recurring, and by credit facilities on which we can draw if necessary. However, an economic downturn could increase the default risk associated with our total group liquidity. That could have a significant negative impact on the valuation of
our financial assets including our trade receivables. SAP’s investment policy with regard to total Group liquidity is set out in our internal treasury guideline document, which is a collection of uniform rules that apply globally to all
companies in the Group. Among its stipulations, it requires that with limited exceptions we invest only in assets and funds rated BBB flat or better. The weighted average rating of the investments of our total group liquidity is in the range A to
A-. We continue to pursue a policy of cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and standard investment instruments. Management’s use of estimates could negatively affect our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. To comply with IFRS, management is required to make many judgments, estimates, and assumptions. The facts and circumstances on which management bases
these estimates and judgments, and management’s judgment regarding the facts and circumstances, may change from time to time and this could result in significant changes in the estimates. Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial reporting standards, especially but not
only concerning revenue recognition, may negatively impact the financial results we present. We regularly monitor our compliance with
applicable financial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and drafts thereof that are relevant to us. As a result, we might be required to change our accounting policies, particularly concerning revenue recognition, to alter our
operational policy so that it reflects new or amended financial reporting standards, or to restate our published financial statements. Because we conduct operations throughout the world, our business, financial position, profit, and cash flows may be affected by currency and interest
rate fluctuations. Our Group-wide management reporting and our external financial reporting are both in euros. Nevertheless, a
significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro. Approximately 72% of our revenue in 2012 was attributable to operations outside the euro area and was translated into euros. Consequently, period-over-period changes
in the euro rates for particular currencies can significantly affect our reported revenue and income. In general, appreciation of the euro relative to another currency has a negative effect while depreciation of the euro relative to another currency
has a positive effect. Variable interest balance-sheet items are also subject to changes in interest rates. For more information about our currency and interest-rate risks and our related hedging activity, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements section, Notes (25) and (26). The cost of using derivative instruments to hedge share-based payments may exceed the
benefits of hedging them. We use derivative instruments to reduce the impact of our share-based payments on our income statement and to
limit future expense associated with those plans. We decide case by case whether and to what extent we should hedge this risk. The expense of hedging the share-based payments could exceed the benefit achieved by hedging them. Additionally, a
decision to leave the plans materially unhedged could prove disadvantageous. 19 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 The market price for our ADRs and ordinary shares may be volatile. The trading prices of our ADRs and ordinary shares have experienced and may continue to experience significant volatility in response to various factors
including, but not limited to: • the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; • technological innovation by us or our competitors; • quarterly variations in our results or our competitors’ results of operations or results that fail to meet market expectations; • the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; • changes in revenue and revenue growth rates on a consolidated basis or for specific geographic areas, business units, products or product categories; • changes in our externally communicated outlook; • changes in our capital structure, for example due to the potential future issuance of addition debt instruments; • general market conditions specific to particular industries; • litigation to which we are a party • general and country specific economic or political conditions (particularly wars, terrorist attacks, etc.); • proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions by us or our competitors; and • general market conditions. Many of these factors are beyond our control. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been
subject to shareholder lawsuits including securities class action litigation. Any such lawsuits against us, with or without merit, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management’s attention and resources, resulting in a
decline in our results of operations and our stock price. Project Risks Implementation of SAP software often involves a significant commitment of resources by our customers and is subject to a number of significant risks over which we often have no control. A core element of our business is the successful implementation of software solutions to enable our customers to make their business a best-run business.
The implementation of SAP software is led by SAP, by partners, by customers, or by a combination thereof. Depending on various factors, such as the complexity of solutions, the customer’s implementation needs or the resources required, SAP
faces a number of different risks. For example, functional requirement changes, delays in timeline, or deviation from recommended best practices may occur during the course of a project. These scenarios have a direct impact on the project resource
model and on securing adequate internal personnel or consultants in a timely manner and could therefore prove challenging. As a result of
these and other risks, SAP and/or some of our customers have incurred significant implementation costs in connection with the purchase and installation of SAP software products. Also, some customers’ implementations have taken longer than
planned. We cannot guarantee that we can reduce or eliminate protracted installation or significant third-party consulting costs, that trained consultants will be readily available, that our costs will not exceed the fees agreed in fixed-price
contracts, or that customers will be satisfied with the implementation. Unsuccessful, lengthy, or costly customer implementation projects could result in claims from customers, harm SAP’s reputation, and cause a loss of future profit as well as
the failure of SAP to achieve its operating profit target. Product and Technology Risks There is a risk that undetected security vulnerabilities shipped and deployed within our software products cause customer damage. Customer systems or systems operated by SAP itself to provide services could potentially be compromised by vulnerabilities if they are 20 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 exploited by hackers. This could lead to theft, destruction, or abuse of data, or systems could be rendered unusable (such as denial of service attack). If our software, our customers’
systems, or SAP systems used in the provision of services to customers are exploited by hackers, this could prevent us from meeting our contractual obligations as well as harm our reputation, and adversely impact our business, financial position,
profit, and cash flows. Undetected defects or delays in the introduction of new products and product enhancements could increase our costs
and reduce customer demand. To achieve market acceptance and high customer satisfaction, our new products and product enhancements often
require long development and testing periods. Development work and market introduction are subject to risks. For example, products might not completely meet our stringent quality standards, might not fulfill market needs or customer expectations, or
might not comply with local standards and requirements. Furthermore, this risk exists with respect to acquired companies’ technologies and products where we might not be able to manage these as quickly and successfully as expected. Therefore,
market launches, entering new markets, or the introduction of new innovations could be delayed or not be successful. Also, new products could
contain undetected defects or they might not be mature enough from the customer’s point of view for business-critical solutions. In some circumstances, we might not be in a position to rectify such defects or entirely meet the expectations of
customers specifically as we are expanding our product portfolio towards additional markets. As a result, we might be faced with customer claims for cash refunds, damages, replacement software, or other concessions. The risk of defects and their
adverse consequences could increase as we seek to introduce a variety of new software products simultaneously at a higher innovation rate. Significant undetected defects or delays in introducing new products or product enhancements could affect
market acceptance of SAP software products and lead to failure of SAP to achieve our future operating profit target. The use of existing SAP
software products by customers in business-critical solutions and processes and the relative complexity and technical interdependency of our software products create a risk that customers or third parties may pursue warranty, performance, or other claims against us for actual or alleged defects in SAP software products, in our provision of services, or in our application hosting services.
We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to warranty, performance, or other similar claims. Although our contracts
generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure due to actual or alleged defects in SAP software products or in our provision of services, these provisions may not cover every eventuality or be effective under the applicable law.
Regardless of its merits, any claim could entail substantial expense and require the devotion of significant time and attention by key management personnel. Publicity surrounding such claims could affect our reputation and the demand for our
software. Changes in our rights to use software and technologies we license from third parties, which are an integral part of SAP’s
products, could increase the time required to develop or release products, diminish their functional capabilities, or require us to pay higher license fees. We have licensed numerous third-party technologies and we use open source software, which both have become an integral part of our product portfolio. We depend on those technologies for the functionality
of our software. Changes to or the loss of third-party licenses as well as used open source licenses being construed could significantly increase in the cost of these licenses and significantly reduce software functionality and/or usability of
SAP’s software products. As a result, we might incur additional development or license costs to ensure the continued functionality of our products which could prevent us from meeting our operating profit target. This risk increases when we
acquire a company or a company’s intellectual property assets which had been subject to third-party technology licensing, open source software, and product standards less rigorous than our own. If we are unable to keep up with rapid technological innovations, new business models, and market expectations, we might not be able to compete
effectively. Our future success continues to depend on our ability to keep pace with technological innovations and new business models,
as well as the ability to 21 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 enhance and expand our existing products and services. It also depends on our ability to introduce new solutions, technologies, and services that are broadly accepted in the market and that
satisfy changing customer requirements. We might not be successful in bringing new solutions, solution enhancements, and/or services to
market before our competitors, and might not be able to generate enough revenue to offset the significant research and development costs we incur. Moreover, we might not anticipate and develop technological improvements or succeed in adapting our
products to technological change, changing regulatory requirements, emerging industry standards, and changing customer requirements. Finally, we might not succeed in producing high-quality products, enhancements, and releases in a timely and
cost-effective manner to compete with solutions and other technologies offered by our competitors. Our technology strategy might not
succeed or customers might not adopt our technology platform offering if we are unable to keep up with technological innovations or successfully compete in the market. Our technology strategy centers on the SAP HANA in-memory computing platform, a real-time platform for analytics and applications. Its success depends on the convergence with SAP Mobile Platform, our
cloud platform, and the SAP NetWeaver technology platform as well as the delivery of SAP solutions based on the SAP HANA platform. Our technology strategy also relies on our ability to maintain a dynamic network of ISVs developing their own business
applications using our platform technology. We might not be successful in enabling the complete product portfolio for SAP HANA and bringing
new solutions based on the SAP HANA platform to the market as fast as expected. As a result, our partner organizations and customers might not adopt the SAP HANA platform quickly enough and our competitors could introduce successful in-memory
solutions to the market faster than us. As a result, we might not achieve our revenue target. Our cloud offerings might be subject to a security attack, become unavailable, or fail to perform
properly. The software used in our Cloud portfolio is inherently complex and any defects in product functionality or system stability
that cause interruptions in the availability of our application suite could result in the following: • Lost or delayed market acceptance and sales • Breach of warranty or other contract breach or misrepresentation claims • Sales credits or refunds to our customers • Loss of customers • Diversion of development and customer service resources • Injury to our reputation The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors might be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. Because of the large amount
of data that we collect and manage, it is possible that hardware failures, defects in our software, or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption, or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies
that our customers regard as significant. Furthermore, the availability of our application suite could be interrupted by a number of factors, including customers’ inability to access the Internet, the failure of our network or software systems
due to human or other error, and security breaches, or variability in user traffic for our application suite. Additionally, any loss of the right to use hardware purchased or leased from third parties could result in delays in our ability to provide
our application suite until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available, identified. While we have administrative,
technical, and physical security measures in place, as well as contracts that require third party data centers to have appropriate security measures in place, if these security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error,
malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our customers’ data, including personally identifiable information regarding users, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur
significant liability. 22 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 In addition, our insurance coverage might not cover claims against us for loss or security breach of data
or other indirect or consequential damages and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and time-consuming. In addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions in the availability of our application suite, our
reputation could be harmed and we could lose customers. As a result, we might not achieve our revenue and operating profit target. Operational Risks Third
parties have claimed, and might claim in the future, that we infringe their intellectual property rights, which could lead to damages being awarded against us and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. We continue to believe that we will increasingly be subject to intellectual property infringement claims as the number of products in our industry
segment grows, as we acquire companies, with increased use of third-party code including open source code, as we expand into new industry segments with our products, resulting in greater overlap in the functional scope of products, and as
non-practicing entities that do not design, manufacture, or distribute products increasingly assert intellectual property infringement claims. Any claims, with or without merit, and negotiations or litigation relating to such claims, could preclude us from utilizing certain technologies in our
products, be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and require us to pay damages to third parties, stop selling or reconfigure our products and, under certain circumstances, pay fines and indemnify our customers. They could also require us to
enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on terms that are not favorable to us, cause product shipment delays, subject our products to injunctions, require a complete or partial redesign of products, result in delays to our customers’
investment decisions, and damage our reputation. Software includes many components or modules that provide different features and perform
different functions. Some of these features or functions may be subject to third-party intellectual property rights. The rights of another party could encompass technical aspects that are similar to one or more technologies in one or more of our
products. Intellectual property rights of third parties could preclude us from using certain technologies in our products or require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable or expensive terms. The software industry is making increasing use of open source software in its development work on solutions. We also integrate certain open source
software components from third parties into our software. Open source licenses may require that the software code in those components or the software into which they are integrated be freely accessible under open source terms. Third-party claims may
require us to make freely accessible under open source terms a product of ours or non-SAP software upon which we depend. Claims and
lawsuits against us could have a material negative impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, and reputation. Claims
and lawsuits are brought against us, including claims and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. Adverse outcomes to some or all of the claims and lawsuits pending against us might result in the award of significant damages or injunctive
relief against us that could hinder our ability to conduct our business. The outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is
intrinsically uncertain. Management’s view of the litigation may also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and other claims or lawsuits could differ from the assessments made by management in prior periods. We might not acquire and integrate companies effectively or successfully and our strategic alliances might not be successful. To expand our business, we have in the past made acquisitions of businesses, products, and technologies. We expect to continue to make such acquisitions
in the future. Management’s negotiation of potential acquisitions and alliances and integration of acquired businesses, products, or technologies demands time, focus, and resources of management and of the workforce. Acquisitions of companies,
businesses, and technology expose us to unpredictable operational difficulties, expenditures, and risks. These risks include, among others: • The selection of the wrong integration model for the acquired company 23 Table of Contents Part I Item 3 • The failure to integrate the acquired business and its different business and licensing models • The failure to integrate the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies • The failure to integrate the acquired company’s operations across SAP’s different cultures, languages, and local protocols, all within the
constraints of applicable local laws • The failure to meet the needs of the acquired company’s customers and partners in the combined company • The diversion of management’s time and attention from daily operations • The loss of key personnel of the acquired business • Material unknown liabilities and contingent liabilities of acquired companies, including legal, tax, accounting intellectual property, or other
significant liabilities that may not be detected through the due diligence process • Legal and regulatory constraints (such as contract obligations, privacy frameworks and agreements, and so on) • Difficulties in implementing, restoring, or maintaining internal controls, procedures, and policies • Practices or policies of the acquired company that may be incompatible with our compliance requirements • Negative impact on relationships with existing customers, partners, or third-party providers of technology or products • Difficulties in integrating the acquired company’s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems and coordination of the acquired
company’s research and development (R & D), sales, and marketing functions • Debt incurrence or significant cash expenditures In addition, acquired businesses might not perform as anticipated, resulting in charges for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets on our statements of financial position. Such charges may
have a significant negative impact on operating profit. We have entered into, and expect to continue to enter into, alliance arrangements for a variety of purposes, including the development of new products and services.
There can be no assurance that any such products or services will be successfully developed or that we will not incur significant unanticipated liabilities in connection with such arrangements. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks and
we may therefore not benefit as anticipated from acquisitions or alliances. We may not be able to obtain adequate title to or licenses in,
or to enforce, intellectual property. Protecting and defending our intellectual property is crucial to our success. We use a variety of
means to identify and monitor potential risks and to protect our intellectual property. These include applying for patents, registering trademarks and other marks and copyrights, implementing measures to stop copyright and trademark infringement,
entering into licensing, confidentiality, and nondisclosure agreements, and deploying protection technology. Despite our efforts, we might not be able to prevent third parties from obtaining, using, or selling without authorization what we regard as
our proprietary technology and information. All of these measures afford only limited protection, and our proprietary rights could be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, or otherwise affected. Some intellectual property might be vulnerable
to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, partners, or other third parties. Also, third parties might independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Finally, third parties might
reverse-engineer or otherwise obtain and use technology and information that we regard as proprietary. Accordingly, we might not be able to protect our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party copying or utilization, which could have a
material negative impact on our competitive position and our financial position, and result in reduced sales. Any legal action we bring to enforce our proprietary rights could also involve enforcement against a partner or other third party, which
may have a material negative effect on our ability, and our customers’ ability, to use that partner’s or other third parties’ products. In addition, the laws and courts of certain countries may not offer effective means to enforce our
intellectual property rights. 24 Table of Contents Part I Item 3, 4 SAP’s business strategy focuses on certain business models that are highly dependent on a working
cyberspace. A cyber-security breach could have a significant negative impact on our customers, our reputation, and our business. The key
cyber-security risks currently applicable to SAP include industrial espionage, leakage of confidential information and intellectual property, defective products, production downtimes, supply shortages, compromised data, and cyber-attacks against
on-premise, hosted, and cloud services. A failure of SAP’s cybersecurity measures could expose SAP’s business operations and service delivery to the described risks, for example, virtual attack, disruption, damage and/or unauthorized
access. Additionally, SAP could be subject to recovery costs, for example, as well as significant contractual and legal claims by customers, partners, authorities, and third-party service providers for damages against us. We may not be able to protect our critical information and assets or to safeguard our business operations against disruption. SAP is dependent on the exchange of a wide range of information across our global operations and on the availability of our infrastructure. There is a
danger of industrial espionage, social engineering, misuse, or theft of information or assets, or damage to assets by trespassers in our facilities or by people who have gained unauthorized physical access to our facilities, systems, or information.
Therefore, we are required to implement several protection measures designed to ensure the security of our information, IT and facility infrastructure, and other assets. Our insurance coverage might not be sufficient and uninsured losses may occur. We
maintain insurance coverage to protect us against a broad number of risks, at levels we believe are appropriate and consistent with current industry practice. Our objective is to exclude or minimize risk of financial loss at reasonable cost.
However, we may incur losses that are beyond the limits, or outside the scope of coverage of such insurance and that may limit or prevent indemnification under our insurance policies. In addition, we might not be able to maintain adequate insurance
coverage on commercially reasonable terms in the future. Further, certain categories of risks are currently not insurable at reasonable cost. Finally, there can be no assurance of the financial ability of the insurance companies to meet their claim
payment obligations. We could incur significant losses in connection with venture capital investments. We plan to continue investing in technology businesses through our partnership with SAP Ventures. Many of these investments generate net losses and
require additional capital outlay from their investors. Changes to planned business operations have in the past, and also may in the future, affect the performance of companies in which SAP Ventures holds investments, and that could negatively
affect the value of our investments in SAP Ventures. Moreover, for tax purposes, the use of capital losses and impairments of equity securities is often restricted, which may adversely affect our effective tax rate. ITEM 4. INFORMATION ABOUT SAP Our legal corporate name is SAP AG. SAP AG is translated in English to SAP Corporation. SAP AG, formerly known as SAP Aktiengesellschaft Systeme, Anwendungen, Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung, was
incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972. Where the context requires in the discussion below, SAP AG refers to our predecessors, Systemanalyse und Programmentwicklung GbR (1972-1976) and SAP Systeme, Anwendungen,
Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung GmbH (1976-1988). SAP AG became a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) in 1988. Our principal executive offices, headquarters and registered office are located at Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16, 69190 Walldorf, Germany.
Our telephone number is +49-6227-7-47474. As part of our activities to reduce the number of legal entities in the SAP group, in 2012 we
integrated certain subsidiaries into the following significant SAP subsidiaries: SAP America, Inc., SAP Deutschland AG & Co. KG and SAP (Schweiz) AG. For a (i) description of our principal capital expenditures and divestitures and the amount invested (including interests in other companies) since January 1, 2010 until the date of this report 25 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 and (ii) information concerning our principal capital expenditures and divestitures currently in progress, including the distribution of these investments geographically and the method of
financing, see “Item 
4. Information About SAP – Description of Property – Capital Expenditures.” VISION, MISSION, AND
STRATEGY SAP was founded in 1972 and is the world leader in enterprise applications in terms of software and software-related service
revenue, and the world’s third-largest independent software manufacturer based on market capitalization. With more than 232,000 customers in over 180 countries, the SAP Group includes subsidiaries in every major country and employs more than
64,000 people. Helping the World Run Better The world is experiencing dramatic shifts in the economy, technology, demographics, and the environment, and the rate of change is accelerating. The global middle class is expected to grow to five billion
by 2030. This growing population is more connected than ever – an estimated 15 billion devices will be connected by 2015. There are more than one billion people engaged in social networks, and humankind is generating more data than ever. The
rapid pace of change has brought wider availability of information, which has led to the consumerization of IT. These changes require companies to pay increasing attention to prudent management of resources and sustainable business models. Around the globe, there is an ever growing need for people, organizations, institutions, and the world itself, to run better. In a better-run world, businesses will anticipate and respond to sweeping changes, using knowledge as the key to competitiveness, profitability, and
customer empowerment. Governments will be more responsive to their citizens and more transparent in their operations. Consumers will know more about the products they buy, so they can make decisions that fit their lifestyles and their values. And
the environment will become a key decision factor. Our Vision and Mission SAP’s vision is to help the world run better and improve people’s lives. Our mission is to help every customer become a best-run business. We do this by delivering new technology innovations that we believe address today’s and tomorrow’s challenges without disrupting our
customers’ business operations: Enterprise mobility will transform consumption of IT; in-memory technology will simplify the IT architecture in the enterprise and drive high-value applications; and the cloud delivery of IT solutions will
simplify the consumption of technology and enable business networks. By leveraging our leadership in applications and analytics and combining them with new technology innovations, we can offer solutions that make our customers run better. To help
our customers derive value from their SAP solutions in a fast, cost-effective, and predictable way, we also provide professional services and support. Our Goal: Sustained Business Success SAP has strong ambitions for sustained business
success, both for itself and for its customers. By 2015, we expect to reach more than €20 billion in revenue, with a 35% non-IFRS operating margin. In addition, we aim to see one billion people interacting with our software. Our customers’
IT requirements are complex and ever changing and SAP helps meet this challenge. Consequently, we aim to build a €2 billion Cloud business and remain the fastest-growing database company to complement our market leading on-premise
business. Furthermore, in 2013, we aim to increase the indicator for customer success by eight percentage points and the employee engagement index to 82% (2012: 79%), all while minimizing our environmental impact and positively impacting society.
These goals affirm our focus on innovation and sustainability and help us deliver on our vision and mission. Our Strategy: Innovative
Solutions for Real-Time Business SAP seeks to secure the growth of the company primarily through organic innovation of our portfolio
product and solutions, focusing on market-leading innovation in five market categories – Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology – powered by SAP HANA. We intend to increase SAP’s market leadership in the
existing market categories of applications, analytics, and mobile, and to position SAP as a market leader in the new 26 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 categories of cloud and database and technology. Our SAP HANA platform allows our customers to take advantage of real-time in-memory technology across all five market categories. Expanding our
partner network offers additional opportunities to develop innovative products and solutions and significantly increases our potential sales channels. Our growth strategy is also supported by mergers and acquisitions to accelerate our innovation
strategy. The world is undergoing a technology-driven revolution in which knowledge is the currency of success. Technology is both a cause
and the answer to this change. We believe that we have the right team of highly qualified and motivated employees, the right portfolio of innovative products and solutions, and the right strategy to turn this technology revolution into business
evolution for our customers. What’s more, we believe we are well positioned to become known as a knowledge company. By providing end-to-end solutions to our customers, we continuously gain a great deal of business and technology knowledge as
well as a deep understanding of industry best practices and value drivers. This knowledge is made available to our customers and partners to help generate business outcomes. The outcome of this strategy not only provides our customers a significant
competitive advantage in this ever changing world, but it also helps them operate more sustainably. For more information about SAP’s
vision, mission, and strategy, visit www.sap.com/corporate-en/our-company . For more information about SAP’s goals, see the Medium-Term Prospects section of the SAP Integrated Report. BUSINESS ACTIVITY AND ORGANIZATION Our legal corporate name is SAP AG. SAP is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany. Our management reporting breaks our activities down into two divisions,
On-Premise and Cloud, which are further divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise division is comprised of two operating segments, On-Premise Products and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division is also comprised of two operating segments,
Cloud Applications and Ariba. For more information about our segments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28). We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for licensing of our on-premise software products, solutions, and the use of our cloud subscription solutions. We also derive revenue from our
support, consulting, development, training, and other services. SAP markets and distributes its products, solutions, and services primarily
through a worldwide network of local subsidiaries, which are licensed to distribute SAP products to customers in defined territories. Distributorship agreements are in place with independent resellers in some countries. As of December 31, 2012, SAP AG controlled directly or indirectly 267 subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries perform various tasks on a local basis such as
providing sales and marketing, consulting, research and development, customer support, training, and administration. For a complete list of
subsidiaries, associates, and other equity investments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (33). 27 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 The following table illustrates our most significant subsidiaries based on revenues as of
December 31, 2012: Name of Subsidiary Ownership % Country of Incorporation Function Germany SAP Deutschland AG & Co. KG, Walldorf 100 Germany Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training and Administration Rest of EMEA SAP (UK) Limited, Feltham 100 Great Britain Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration SAP (Schweiz) AG, Biel 100 Switzerland Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration SAP France, Paris 100 France Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration United States SAP America, Inc., Newtown Square 100 USA Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration Rest of Americas SAP Canada Inc., Toronto 100 Canada Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration Japan SAP JAPAN Co., Ltd., Tokyo 100 Japan Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration Rest of APJ SAP Australia Pty Limited, Sydney 100 Australia Sales & Marketing, Consulting, Training, Customer Support, Research and Development and Administration PORTFOLIO OF PRODUCTS, SOLUTIONS, AND SERVICES Innovative Solutions for Real-Time Business SAP’s products and services are packaged into end-to-end solutions that include innovations from five market categories. These solutions aim to help customers run better by addressing complex business problems or opportunities and helping customers gain a competitive advantage in an ever
changing world. 28 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 Products SAP develops innovative products in five market categories: Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology. Applications SAP’s leadership in enterprise applications has been the core competence of our company, and continues to fuel our growth for the future. SAP Business Suite is a business process platform that helps companies run better and simpler every day. The core software applications of SAP Business Suite are described below: • The SAP ERP application supports critical business processes, such as finance and human capital management. • The SAP Customer Relationship Management (SAP CRM) application improves streamlined interaction with customers with integrated social media and
mobile device support. • The SAP Product Lifecycle Management (SAP PLM) application manages the product and asset lifecycle across the extended supply chain, freeing the
product innovation process from organizational constraints. • The SAP Supplier Relationship Management (SAP SRM) application supports key procurement activities. • The SAP Supply Chain Management (SAP SCM) application helps adapt company-specific supply chain processes to the rapidly changing competitive environment. SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA is the next generation of our business suite that captures and analyzes data in real time on a single
in-memory platform. SAP Business Suite powered by SAP HANA empowers customers to run their business in real time within the window of opportunity to transact, analyze, and predict instantly and proactively in an unpredictable world. This gives
companies the ability to translate real-time insights into action immediately, while removing the complexity of redundant system data. Customers can now manage all mission-critical business processes, such as planning, execution, reporting, and
analysis, in real time using the same relevant live data. Analytics Analytics solutions from SAP enable decision makers at all levels of the business to have a more profound impact on their organizations, and include the following categories: • SAP BusinessObjects business intelligence (BI) solutions enable users to interact with business information and obtain answers to ad hoc
questions without advanced knowledge of the underlying data sources. 29 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 • SAP solutions for enterprise performance management (EPM) help companies improve performance, organizational agility, and decision making. • SAP solutions for governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) provide organizations with a real-time approach to managing governance, risk, and
compliance across heterogeneous environments. • Applied analytics solutions address challenges in specific industries and lines of business. • Edge solutions for small and midsize enterprises are editions of business intelligence and enterprise performance management solutions for
growing midsize companies. • SAP Crystal solutions are business intelligence solutions designed for small businesses, addressing essential BI requirements. Mobile With SAP Mobile, our customers can deliver secure, real-time, business-critical information to their ecosystems of employees, partners, and customers – on mobile devices. Our mobile development
platform creates many opportunities for our partners to develop their own applications for their employees and customers. Our mobile
solutions include: • SAP Mobile Platform (includes Sybase Unwired Platform): Provides the tools needed to support mobile initiatives across an
enterprise. It provides a development platform (SDK) that is consistent, but adaptable, enabling customers to develop apps for various mobile devices deployed. • SAP Afaria: Enables companies to better manage and secure all critical data on, and transmitted by, mobile devices. • Sybase 365: Interoperability services that simplify the deployment and delivery of interoperator messaging over
incompatible networks, protocol stacks, and handsets among mobile operators worldwide. • Additionally, SAP is innovating consumer-facing applications that help improve people’s lives. These innovations include the Care Circles
mobile app to improve how patients, healthcare providers, and family members optimize treatment strategies; the Recalls Plus mobile app to help parents monitor recalls on children’s items via social media; the Charitable Transformation
(ChariTra) online network to match volunteers with people and organizations in need for their time, skills, or resources; and the TwoGo by SAP service that connects people so they can share rides and carpool together. Cloud SAP’s 2012
acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba have allowed us to combine powerful assets from all three companies – including innovative solutions, content and analytics, process expertise, access to a robust business network, and enterprise
mobility – to build a comprehensive cloud computing portfolio. Our cloud applications and suites are delivered as
software-as-a-service (SaaS), in which customers pay a subscription fee to use our software. Our cloud offerings are designed to optimize a company’s most critical assets: • People: The SuccessFactors Business Execution (BizX) suite enables companies to align employee performance with overall
corporate objectives. • Money: SAP Financials OnDemand and SAP Travel OnDemand solutions manage key financial processes. • Customers: A suite of applications that manages all aspects of customer interaction – sales, service, marketing
– while employing next-generation social capabilities. • Suppliers: The offering includes solutions for end-to-end strategic sourcing and procurement processes to enable
efficient purchasing decisions. • Suites: SAP Business ByDesign and the SAP Business One OnDemand solution provide a full cloud suite for
subsidiaries and small business, respectively. SAP HANA Cloud is a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) designed to help
customers, independent software vendors (ISVs), and partners rapidly create innovative software applications to succeed in a world increasingly characterized by enterprise mobility, and social and collaborative business networks. SAP HANA Cloud is
powered by SAP HANA, which means it helps customers analyze 30 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 data at the speed necessary to sense and respond to changes in their business networks. The Ariba portfolio combines cloud-based applications with the world’s largest Web-based business-to-business commerce network, and is used
by companies around the globe. Businesses of all sizes use the Ariba Network to connect to their trading partners from any Internet-connected computer or mobile device to buy, sell, and manage their cash efficiently and effectively. Database and Technology Our
database and technology portfolio provides a comprehensive approach to the orchestration of business applications, no matter how the applications are deployed. Furthermore, SAP harnesses the power of in-memory databases with SAP HANA, which is the
data foundation for the next generation of high-performance in-memory computing solutions. The portfolio includes: • SAP HANA: Deployable as an on-premise appliance or in the cloud, SAP HANA combines an in-memory database with an
in-memory application server running on in-memory optimized hardware appliances. At the foundation of this product portfolio is SAP HANA, an in-memory computing technology that simplifies and streamlines complex and expensive IT architectures. SAP
HANA helps customers process massive amounts of data, and delivers information at unprecedented speeds. SAP HANA is an open platform, adaptable and extensible, enabling customers to create previously unimaginable applications and to rethink and
envision new ways to run their businesses. Furthermore, SAP HANA is a platform for applications developed by SAP ecosystem and partners. • SAP NetWeaver: Technology platform that integrates information and business processes across technologies and
organizations. SAP NetWeaver facilitates the easy integration of SAP software with heterogeneous system environments, third-party solutions, and external business partners. • SAP NetWeaver Business Warehouse: Data warehouse that provides a complete view of a company and the tools needed to make
the right decisions, optimize processes, and measure strategic success • SAP Sybase IQ: Analytics server designed specifically for advanced analytics, data warehousing, and BI environments • SAP Sybase Event Stream Processor (SAP Sybase ESP): High-performance, complex event processing engine designed to analyze
streams of business event information in real time and used to create strategic advantage in low-latency applications for financial trading, smart grids, and telecommunications • SAP Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP Sybase ASE): High-performance relational database management system for
mission-critical, data-intensive transactional environments. It is optimized for use with SAP Business Suite. • SAP Sybase SQL Anywhere: Mobile, embedded, and cloud-enabled fully relational database that is embedded in more than
10 million installations worldwide, from laptops to tablets to smartphones In addition, our SAP virtualization and
cloud management offerings help SAP customers automate SAP systems and landscapes operation, improve business agility, and reduce the total cost of ownership (TCO). Solutions We combine products into end-to-end industry and line-of-business solutions to
enable our customers address their most pressing business issues. Our industry-specific solutions comprise products across all five market categories – Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology. Our line-of-business
solutions represent a complete offering across on-premise, on-demand, on-device, social, and analytics assets. A prime example of the power
of this combination is the new SAP 360 Customer solution. It harnesses the power of in-memory computing, cloud, enterprise mobility, analytics, and collaboration, and allows organizations to engage with their customers and end consumers beyond the
traditional SAP CRM. 31 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 Solutions for Lines of Business Our line-of-business solutions are relevant across all industries, and include the following 11 lines of business: Marketing Sales Customer service Procurement Supply chain management Manufacturing R & D and engineering Information technology Finance and controlling Human resources Corporate strategy and sustainability Solutions for Industries In 2012, SAP supported enterprises in 24 industries with solution portfolios that enable industry best-practice processes. In 2013, we will add sports and entertainment as another industry to our
portfolio, and we are currently building up that portfolio of offerings, which includes the SAP Sports and Entertainment management solution, as well as an array of mobile apps used by athletes, coaches, and spectators for sailing, tennis, and
professional team sports. Industry Sector Industry Portfolio Discrete manufacturing SAP for Aerospace & Defense SAP for Automotive SAP for High Tech SAP for Industrial Machinery & Components Process manufacturing SAP for Chemicals SAP for Mill Products Consumer products SAP for Consumer Products Energy and natural resources SAP for Oil & Gas SAP for Mining SAP for Utilities Retail and wholesale distribution SAP for Retail SAP for Wholesale Distribution Public services SAP for Defense & Security SAP for Higher Education & Research SAP for Public Sector Financial services SAP for Banking SAP for Insurance Services SAP for Engineering, Construction & Operations SAP for Media SAP for Professional Services SAP for Telecommunications SAP for Transportation & Logistics Health sciences SAP for Healthcare SAP for Life Sciences 32 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 SAP Rapid Deployment Solutions To enable companies to adopt innovations more quickly, SAP Rapid Deployment solutions combine preconfigured software and predefined services with content, such as SAP best practices, templates, tools, and
business user enablement. By providing fixed price and scope implementation services, along with clear business outcomes based on proven best
practices, SAP Rapid Deployment solutions deliver faster innovation to our customers and reduce implementation costs and risk. Solutions for Small Businesses and Midsize Companies SAP offers a number of targeted solutions for small businesses and midsize companies, including the SAP Business All-in-One solutions, the SAP Business One application, and Edge solutions, which combine
business management and business intelligence software. For those who want the benefits of large-scale, integrated business management applications without a complex IT infrastructure, SAP Business ByDesign not only provides a cloud solution, but
also a platform that customers can use to build their own solutions. SAP also offers solutions in the cloud, such as SuccessFactors Business Execution Suite, and Ariba’s procurement solutions and Business Network that are relevant for companies
of all sizes, including small and midsize enterprises. Additionally, small businesses and midsize companies now have a new option in SAP Business One OnDemand, which is comprehensive, easy to consume, and available with transparent, predictable
costs. For more information about SAP’s portfolio of products, visit www.sap.com/solutions . For more information related specifically to our solutions for sustainability, see the SAP Integrated Report online. SAP Services SAP Services helps our
customers maximize the value of their SAP investments by offering higher value realization, faster adoption of innovation, and higher efficiency in the implementation of our solutions. SAP Services covers the entire end-to-end application lifecycle,
from a tight integration with our development organization, to accelerating innovation and continuous improvement of our software solutions, to complete risk and quality management of a customer’s current
installations. Software-Related Services SAP Custom Development SAP Custom Development specializes in building individualized
software solutions that address the unique and mission-critical needs of our customers, and that fit seamlessly with existing SAP software. These offerings include custom development engagements, focused business solutions, and repeatable customer
solutions – predefined solutions for niche business needs, as derived from best practices. Maintenance and Support We offer a comprehensive tiered maintenance and support model to on-premise customers on a global basis. This support offering primarily includes SAP
Standard Support and SAP Enterprise Support. The vast majority of customers choose SAP Enterprise Support. • SAP Enterprise Support : Our premier maintenance and support offering. Extending far beyond
everyday technical support, this offering is designed as a strategic, long-term partnership with our customers – one that focuses on helping them succeed today and in the future. • SAP Standard Support: Our basic support offering, delivering knowledge, tools, and functions that help
customers implement, maintain, and enhance their SAP solutions. SAP’s support portfolio also contains two additional
premium maintenance offerings: • SAP MaxAttention: Highest level of engagement offered by our support organization, and a strategic
engagement for continuous business and co-innovation with customers. SAP MaxAttention also provides support with custom solutions, specialized solution architectures, and engineering expertise. • SAP ActiveEmbedded: Enhanced engagement services for optimizing solutions and accelerating adoption of
technologies (including SAP HANA and mobile solutions) without disrupting customer businesses. 33 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 We offer standard support to every customer as part of their subscription to our cloud products. Standard
support is designed to help our customers get real value out of SAP Cloud products. Furthermore, customers have the option of choosing premium and platinum support. In the premium and platinum offerings, customers have access to a dedicated support
account manager who has an in-depth understanding of customer business processes and objectives. Professional Services Consulting Services We offer consulting services for the planning, implementation, and optimization phase of our business solutions. We are able to provide our services with
a strong industry focus and can also deliver solutions at functional or departmental levels. Our consultants engage in the following: • Business transformation services, such as executive advisory services, value partnerships, and business process and platform services • IT transformation services that seek to reduce customer TCO with tangible business value accompanied by reduced effort and costs • Next-generation services that provide specific expertise on the implementation and use of SAP HANA, mobile, analytics, and database and
technology solutions. In total, we have more than 1,500 SAP HANA-trained consultants. • Performance and insight optimization services that provide analysis and modeling of business challenges to introduce innovative business
processes • Business applications services that provide highly engineered solutions to our customers’ application and analytics needs • Project and program management and risk management, as well as quality assurance services across the solution landscape, which include
optimizing solutions following merger and acquisition activities or divestiture of business units • Rapid-deployment solutions and engineered services provide pre-defined outcomes services that speed the time to value for our customers. Education Services SAP Education offers a complete portfolio of multimodal learning that covers the learning needs of single individuals and organizations, including training-needs analysis, certification assessments,
learning software, and tools. We provide a consistent curriculum for learners around the world and deliver these offerings through a number of delivery models, including online e-learning, virtual live classroom, learning on demand, and classroom
training. Every year, more than 500,000 individuals are trained by SAP Education, making it one of the largest IT training organizations in the world. For more information about SAP Services, visit www.sap.com/services-and-support. For more
information about how we handle security and privacy in our products and services, see the SAP Integrated Report online. SALES, MARKETING, AND DISTRIBUTION SAP’s primary engine of business development is our direct sales organizations. Sales
go-to-market strategies are established at the global level and adapted and executed by the regional subsidiaries (see Business Activity and Organization) in a manner reflective of conditions in the individual countries. Customer-facing employees,
in close collaboration with sales support and marketing employees, drive demand, build pipeline, and enhance relationships with customers within all of SAP’s target industries. An extension of its own sales organization, SAP’s extensive
ecosystem of partners provides scalability to meet the demand for SAP innovation. In addition, we have developed an independent sales and
support force through independent value-added resellers. We have also entered into partnerships with major system integration firms, telecommunication firms, and computer hardware providers to offer certain SAP Business Suite applications. We establish partnerships with hardware and software suppliers, systems integrators, and third-party consultants with the goal of providing
customers with a wide selection of third-party competencies. The role of the partner ranges from presales consulting for business solutions to the implementation of our software products to project management and end-user training for customers and,
in the case of certain hardware and software suppliers, to technology support. 34 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 Beyond these partnerships, a significant amount of consulting and training regarding SAP solutions is handled by third-party organizations that have no formal relationship or partnership with
SAP. Traditionally, our sales model has been to charge a one-time, upfront license fee for a perpetual license to our software (without any
rights to future products), which is typically installed at the customer site. We now also offer our solutions in the cloud under a subscription-based licensing model that entitles the customer to receive unspecified future software products. Our marketing efforts cover large, multinational groups of companies as well as small and midsize enterprises. We believe our broad portfolio
of solutions and services enables us to meet the needs of customers of all sizes and across industries. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Nothing is more essential to innovation than research and development. It is the source of discoveries that we believe will shape the future for SAP and its customers. And it is a global effort that is
highly collaborative, sharply focused on customer value, and led by the SAP Global Research and Development Network. Research By exploring emerging IT trends, SAP Global Research is a driver of innovation for SAP and its ecosystem. The unit explores promising
ideas and turns them into prototypes, with the ultimate goal of creating product enhancements and new solutions. In addition, it strives to co-innovate in new ways with our customers, partners, start-ups, and entrepreneurs around the world to
leverage the diverse knowledge, ability, and expertise that exist outside SAP’s internal organizations. Based on recent findings, SAP
Global Research developed scenarios that our customers will likely experience in the future, and derived several new research programs from those scenarios. Their immediate focus includes programs on digital manufacturing, the trillion node network,
social business networks, and Big Data. Contributing to talent development at SAP, SAP Global Research runs its own doctoral program, which
is attracting top candidates who wish to work on their dissertations in a real-world business context. Following graduation, individuals with PhDs have the opportunity to work in academia or within SAP. This program has resulted in a number of new patents for our company. Co-Innovation and Living Labs To meet future challenges, SAP Global Research
engages in co-innovation and applied research through a network of SAP Co-Innovation Labs and SAP Living Labs locations on each continent. SAP Co-Innovation Labs offer an innovative co-development platform for partners and customers to collaborate with SAP product and field teams. Through
these labs, SAP and key partners offer the latest engineering and system landscapes, fostering a variety of joint ecosystem projects. SAP
Living Labs are showcase centers attached to research hubs, and seek to provide hands-on, real-life settings to expand on trends in the market. Initiatives and Results Significant initiatives by SAP Global Research in 2012 include the following: • SAP Precision Retailing: This cloud-based solution enables companies to influence consumer shopping
behavior at the moment of decision by delivering individually personalized offers in real-time across multiple channels. • SAP Screen Personas: This solution offers a new approach to personalizing classic SAP screens to create a
consumer-grade user experience. It allows IT professionals and business users to simplify business application screens quickly and easily. SAP Screen Personas enable customers without programming skills or ABAP knowledge to improve the visual
appeal, end-user productivity, and performance of SAP applications. • Smart Port Logistics: Based on strong co-innovation with Hamburg Port Authority and Deutsche Telekom, this
pilot project has resulted in a comprehensive IT platform designed to optimize both traffic and logistics in the Hamburg harbor. The Smart Port Logistics platform, based on cloud solutions, connects port-based companies, partners, and customers more
closely. In addition, it incorporates mobile apps so that traffic information and port-related services may be accessed from mobile devices such as tablets and smartphones. 35 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 Development Global Development, Local Focus Most of SAP’s development personnel are
located in one of 14 SAP Labs located in 12 countries across the world. Each lab consists of main locations that coordinate the activities of the smaller locations within the region. SAP Labs are situated in the major technology hubs in the world,
providing SAP a strategic advantage by enabling us to innovate, address the needs of the local markets, scale operations, and attract a rich diversity of talents. In total, SAP has more than 100 locations where development takes place. In 2012, SAP focused on further using design thinking techniques as an iterative innovation approach that focuses on the customer and supports the
project teams during the development process. Design thinking complements the lean methodology by offering frameworks for collaboration and innovation. As a result, SAP continues to reduce development complexity and improve the development-to-market time for new products (from 13.8 months in 2010 to 7.8 months in 2012). During the development cycles,
teams are in constant contact with customers through programs and special events, as well as through customer interactions at our Executive Briefing Centers. Customers come to the centers to talk directly with SAP’s technology leaders and
experts, who, in turn, learn how to better serve the needs of our customers. The SAP Labs network organization fosters a healthy and
meaningful communication channel for SAP’s global management. Each lab is designed to function independently and act as a best-run business with a clear mission tailored to the local ecosystem. Labs in fast-growth markets have an additional
focus on producing market-relevant solutions that readily meet the needs of the dynamically changing environments. 36 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 The following graphic depicts the SAP Global Research and Development Network and its main locations: 37 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 Research and Development Expenditure SAP’s strong commitment to research and development (R & D) is also reflected in our expenditures: In 2012, we increased our R & D expense (IFRS) by €314 million, or 16%, to €2,253 million (2011: €1,939 million). We spent 13.9% of total revenue on R & D in 2012 (2011: 13.6%). Our non-IFRS R & D expense as a portion of total operating
expenses declined slightly from 19.9% to 19.2% year on year, which demonstrates an increase in our efficiency. The importance of R & D was also reflected in the breakdown of employee profiles. At the end of 2012,
our total full-time equivalent (FTE) count in development work was 18,012 (2011: 15,861). Measured in FTEs, our R & D headcount was 28% of total headcount (2011: 28%). Total R & D expense includes not only our own personnel costs but also
the external cost of works and services from the providers and cooperation partners we work with to deliver and enhance our products. We also incur external costs for translating, localizing, and testing products, for obtaining certification for
them in different markets, patent attorney services and fees, strategy consulting, and the professional development of our R & D workforce. Patents As a leader in enterprise applications, SAP actively seeks intellectual property
protection for innovations and proprietary information. Our software innovations continue to strengthen our market position in enterprise solutions and services. Our investment in R & D has resulted in numerous patents. SAP holds a total of more
than 4,400 validated patents worldwide. Of these, more than 750 were granted and validated in 2012. Our portfolio includes patent families covering products across all of our five market categories Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and
Database and Technology. While our intellectual property is important to our success, we believe our business as a whole is not
entirely dependent on any particular patent. PARTNER ECOSYSTEM The SAP partner ecosystem is a collaborative, innovative, and interactive network of partners, customers, and individuals. Through our extensive global relationships, built over the course of four decades, customers have a wide range of providers and resources to choose from
for software-related services and support. These include many of the largest names in technology consulting and implementation, as well as smaller firms that offer highly specialized applications and services. In turn, SAP supports its partners through continual co-innovation, expansion of routes to market (channels), and services capacity. With more than 12,000 partners as of the end of 2012, we are fueling innovation and providing choices to customers of all sizes, accelerating growth
around our five key market categories. Recent examples of our interaction with the partner ecosystem include the following: • Applications: SAP is now reselling the SAP IT Process Automation application by Cisco, which helps keep IT
system outages to a minimum. 38 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 We also offer the SAP Convergent Mediation application by DigitalRoute, which supports key use cases for telecom, high-tech, banking, postal, and logistics companies around the globe. • Analytics: The SAP PartnerEdge authorized reseller program helps resellers accelerate profitability with
select SAP BusinessObjects BI solutions, specifically designed for small and midsize enterprises. The program was introduced in the Asia-Pacific region, with ACA Pacific and China National Software & Service Co. Ltd. as the first
distributors to join. The program is being made available to distributors and resellers on a global basis in a phased approach. • Cloud: With the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba, SAP broadened its Cloud portfolio and now supports an additional
20 million users. Through the acquisition of Ariba, SAP expects to deliver comprehensive, end-to-end cloud procurement solution, becoming a leader in the fast-growing segment of interenterprise, cloud-based business networks. Additionally, SAP
is teaming with companies such as Amazon Web Services, CloudShare, Dell, HP, Korea Telecom, Microsoft, Portugal Telecom, and Verizon to deliver enterprise solutions in the cloud. • Mobile: In 2012, SAP offered value-added resellers (VARs) the opportunity to sell mobile apps
for development, device management, and security. Highlights include partnering with IT services providers Accenture, Capgemini, Fujitsu, and IBM GTS, and telecommunication providers Deutsche Telekom, Rogers Communications, and Verizon. In addition,
SAP introduced a free mobile developer license and additional support for integrating SAP Mobile Platform with software development frameworks from Adobe, Appcelerator Titanium, and Sencha. SAP also announced plans to deliver mobile apps for
Microsoft Windows 8, bringing new innovations to SAP customers. • Database and Technology: SAP HANA continues to gain strong adoption within our partner ecosystem, across
all partner types. For example, more than 4,000 partner consultants have been trained on SAP HANA and more than 100 independent software vendors (ISVs) and partners have started to develop and deliver their own solutions on SAP HANA. In addition,
the SAP Startup Focus Program was launched in 2012 for start-ups to spur innovation on the SAP HANA platform. The world’s leading technology vendors have certified their solutions to run SAP HANA. These include Dell, Cisco, EMC,
Fujitsu, HP, Hitachi, Huawei, IBM, and NEC. Collaboration and Structure SAP offers a number of partner programs to enhance co-innovation and help partners grow their businesses in new ways, while reaching customers through
creative new channels. These programs include the following: • SAP PartnerEdge: In 2012, SAP launched www.sappartneredge.com, a partner-only Web site that consolidates
all the resources partners need to build, sell, and implement all SAP solutions in one secure, dedicated site. Currently, more than 60,000 people use the site each month. • SAP Community Network: With more than two million members in more than 230 countries, SAP Community Network is where
customers, partners, employees, and experts go to collaborate and exchange news. • SAP Store: SAP’s online e-commerce channel offers nearly 2,000 solutions, of which 1,500 are from partners. SAP
Store offers customers access to information and insights, as well as the option to try applications before purchasing them. ACQUISITIONS SAP views acquisitions as investments in people, technologies, and sustained growth. In 2012, SAP made the following acquisitions: Cloud Acquisitions • In February, we completed the acquisition of SuccessFactors, Inc., which delivers innovative solutions, content and analytics, process expertise, and
best-practices knowledge to drive business alignment, team execution, people performance, and learning management to organizations of all sizes across various industries. • In October, we acquired Ariba, Inc., which combines industry-leading cloud-based applications with the world’s largest Web-based 39 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 trading community. Through this acquisition, SAP expects to deliver an industry-leading, end-to-end cloud procurement solution and become a leader in the fast-growing segment of interenterprise,
cloud-based business networks. SAP customers can now connect to their trading partners anywhere, at any time, from any application or device – so they can buy, sell, and manage their cash more efficiently and effectively than ever before. Other Acquisitions • In February, we acquired software and relevant assets from datango AG, a leading provider of workforce performance support software. This acquisition
broadens the SAP software portfolio in the education market, providing customers with powerful, easy-to-use software tools to help address their end-to-end user training, knowledge management, and performance support challenges. Together, SAP and
datango plan to capitalize on a trend in education software toward creating applications that contain tools for authors, such as e-collaboration, along with self-help scenarios and auto-teaching functions. • In June, we acquired Syclo, L.L.C., a provider of enterprise mobile apps and technologies. The addition of Syclo’s expertise in building and
selling mobile solutions in industries such as utilities, oil and gas, life sciences, and manufacturing enhances SAP mobile solutions. It also accelerates the adoption and deployment of new mobile asset management and field service solutions on SAP
Mobile Platform. Syclo offers mobile apps that help companies extend business systems to a wide range of mobile devices and users. Venture Activities For more than 15 years, SAP has partnered with renowned entrepreneurs
worldwide to build industry-leading businesses and in doing so, we have supported more than one hundred companies on five continents. We seek proven companies and help fuel their growth by adding our expertise, relationships, geographic reach, and
capital. We invest globally with a particular focus on emerging companies in Europe, India, and the United States, as well as in Brazil and China. ENERGY AND EMISSIONS As we create solutions for our customers to better manage resources, we must also look to ourselves and improve our own environmental performance. Doing
so gives us critical insights into the challenges facing our customers as they navigate a resource-constrained world and helps us gain credibility in the market. To fulfill our vision to help the world run better, we must be at the forefront of
reducing our emissions and creating new efficiencies. Our efforts have already benefitted us. We are now providing our customers with a
number of solutions to enhance their efficiency, as well as track their emissions and energy usage more effectively. We have also expanded our innovation to create new efficiencies that directly impact our bottom line: We calculated that, since the
beginning of 2008, our sustainability initiatives have contributed to a cumulative cost avoidance of €220 million, compared to a business-as-usual extrapolation. We assess our progress through four environmental performance indicators that reflect our adaptability, efficiency, and innovation. These indicators also reflect the success of our overall corporate
strategy to solve business problems in a resource-constrained world. Greenhouse Gas Emissions SAP’s goal is to reduce its total greenhouse gas emissions to levels of the year 2000 by 2020. This target includes direct emissions from our
operations (scopes 1 and 2), as well as limited indirect (scope 3) emissions, such as those stemming from business travel. In addition to this long-term goal, SAP has set annual targets. In 2012, our total emissions decreased slightly to 485
kilotons (2011: 490 kilotons) despite significant growth in our business (revenue from software and software-related services increased 17%). Nonetheless, we narrowly missed our target to reduce our emissions to 480 kilotons. In addition to
measuring our total emissions, we also track emissions per employee and emissions per euro revenue. We continued to increase our efficiency based on the emissions per euro revenue for the sixth year in a row. Specifically, our greenhouse gas
emissions decreased from 34.4 grams per euro in 2011 to 30.0 grams per euro in 2012. We also reduced our carbon emissions per employee by more than 10% in 2012. 40 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 We also disclose our emissions along our entire value chain – meaning those that stem from the
products and services that we buy and sell, in addition to those related to our own operations or business travel. We are actively working to reduce both our upstream and downstream emissions by collaborating with our suppliers and customers on new
approaches to reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Total Energy Consumed The total energy consumed measure includes all energy that SAP produces or purchases – in other words, the energy whose production causes emissions that fall into scopes 1 and 2 of the Greenhouse Gas
Protocol. Our total energy consumption remained stable at approximately 860 gigawatt hours in 2012 compared to 2011. This is especially noteworthy given that we experienced growth in our business. Our efficiency also improved. For example, although
we have significantly expanded our employee base and thus the number of company cars, our corporate car fleet is not using proportionately more fuel because it has become more efficient, with less energy consumed per car. So while our car fleet grew
by 9%, we had efficiency gains of 8% across the entire fleet, offsetting the resulting increase in energy usage and emissions. As a result, our energy consumption decreased from 15.7 megawatt hours per employee in 2011 to 14.0 megawatt hours
per employee in 2012. We also reduced our energy consumption per euro revenue by about 13% compared to 2011. In 2012, we started to improve our data collection methods to monitor our energy usage worldwide. Data Center Energy We focus on making
data centers more energy efficient even as demand for IT-services rises. SAP has a comprehensive sustainable IT strategy that includes working with customers and hardware providers. We measure and manage data center energy consumption per employee.
(The energy we consume in our data centers is part of our total energy consumed.) While the development of SAP HANA led to an increase in our servers and energy consumption in our data centers, the growth in the number of employees at SAP resulted
in increased efficiency. Our data center energy intensity decreased from 2,824 kilowatt hours per FTE (2011) to 2,598 kilowatt hours per FTE in 2012. Over the past year, we have improved our global data center management system to better
track our efficiency, which is also influenced by increasing the number of virtual servers (in 2012, 67% of our servers were virtual). In addition, we are working with our customers to devise solutions
that would simplify their data centers, lower their costs, and reduce their energy consumption. Renewable Energy We continue to expand our use of renewable energy, both to decrease our reliance on fossil fuels and nuclear power and to support an emerging market that
is crucial for both SAP and our customers. We purchase green electricity from local utility companies, buy renewable energy certificates on a global level, and produce our own energy using solar panels on our facilities. At the end of 2012,
approximately 60% of our total electricity consumption stemmed from renewable sources, up from 47% in 2011. The shares of renewable energy used by SAP are calculated by adding the amount of renewable energy obtained through Renewable Energy
Certificates (RECs) or via the grid (either through specific contracts or through the local energy mix). For more information about the
importance of energy and emissions to SAP’s innovation strategy and to learn more about our performance in 2012, see the Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Total Energy Consumed, Data Center Energy, and Renewable Energy sections of the SAP Integrated
Report online. For more information about how we manage waste and water, see the Waste and Water section of the SAP Integrated Report online. SEASONALITY Our business has historically experienced the highest revenue in the fourth quarter of each year, due primarily to year-end capital purchases by
customers. Such factors have resulted in 2012, 2011, and 2010 first quarter revenue being lower than revenue in the prior year’s fourth quarter. We believe that this trend will continue in the future and that our total revenue will continue to
peak in the fourth quarter of each year and decline from that level in the first quarter of the following year. Unlike our on-premise revenues, our revenues from cloud applications are not subject to seasonality. 41 Table of Contents Part I Item 4 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND LICENSES We rely on a combination of the protections provided by applicable statutory and common law rights, including trade secret, copyright, patent, and
trademark laws, license and non-disclosure agreements, and technical measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products. For further details on risks related to SAP’s intellectual property rights, see “Item 3 Key
Information – Risk Factors – Other Operational Risks.” We may be dependent in the aggregate on technology that we license from
third parties that is embedded into our products or that we resell to our customers. We have licensed and will continue to license numerous third-party software products that we incorporate into and/or distribute with our existing products. We
endeavor to protect ourselves in the respective agreements by obtaining certain rights in case such agreements are terminated. We are a party
to certain patent cross-license agreements with certain third parties. We are named as a defendant in various legal proceedings for alleged
intellectual property infringements. See Note (23) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion relating to certain of these legal proceedings. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our principal office is located in
Walldorf, Germany, where we own and occupy approximately 430,000 square meters of office and datacenter space including our facilities in neighboring St. Leon-Rot. We also own and lease office space in various other locations in Germany,
totaling approximately 120,000 square meters. In approximately 65 countries worldwide, we occupy roughly 1,560,000 square meters. The space in most locations other than our principal office in Germany is leased. We also own certain real
properties in Newtown Square and Palo Alto (United States); Bangalore (India); Sao Leopoldo (Brazil), London (UK) and a few other locations in and outside of Germany. The office and datacenter space we occupy includes approximately 260,000 square meters in the EMEA region, excluding Germany, approximately 465,000 square meters in the region North and Latin America, and approximately 285,000 square meters in the APJ Region. With the two major acquisitions in 2012, SuccessFactors and Ariba, approximately 140,000 square meter were added to our real estate portfolio; 30,000 square meters from SuccessFactors and approximately
110,000 square meters from Ariba. Both portfolios, from Ariba and SuccessFactors, are included in the group portfolio outlined above. The space is being utilized for various corporate functions including research and development, customer support, sales and marketing, consulting,
training, administration and messaging. Substantially all our facilities are being fully used or sublet. For a discussion on our non-current assets by geographic region see Note (28) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Also see,
“Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Employees,” which discusses the numbers of our employees, in FTE’s, by business area and by geographic region, which may be used to approximate the productive capacity of our
workspace in each region. We believe that our facilities are in good operating condition and adequate for our present usage. We do not have
any significant encumbrances on our properties. We do not believe we are subject to any environmental issues that may affect our utilization of any of our material assets. We are currently undertaking construction activities in various locations to
increase our capacity for future expansion of our business. Our significant construction activities are described below, under the heading “Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures Currently in Progress.” Capital Expenditures Principal
Capital Expenditures and Divestitures Currently in Progress In 2012, we commenced construction in certain of our office buildings in
Palo Alto, California, United States. The construction aims at optimizing work space conditions to support line of business requirements and the improvement of general building conditions. We estimate the total cost of this project to be
approximately €12 million, of which we had paid approximately €11 million as of December 31, 2012. We expect to complete the construction in these office buildings in 2013. 42 Table of Contents Part I Item 4, 4A, 5 In 2011, we began construction of a new building for a research center in Potsdam, Germany. The new
research center will collaborate closely with universities in the Berlin/Brandenburg area in Germany, creating a total of 100 new jobs. The focus will be on the deployment of the new in-memory computing technology introduced by SAP, including SAP
HANA. For the construction of the building, we expect to invest approximately €17 million, of which we had paid approximately €6 million as of December 31, 2012. We expect to finish the construction of our new research
center in the second half of 2013. In 2011, we also began to expand our facilities for our research center in São Leopoldo, Brazil, to
accommodate up to 500 employees. For the construction of the building, we expect to invest approximately €19 million, of which we had paid approximately €5 million as of December 31, 2012. We expect to finish the
construction of the building in 2013. We plan to cover all of these projects in full from operating cash flow. For more information about planned capital expenditures, see the Investment Goals section. There were no material divestitures within the reporting period. Principal Capital
Expenditures and Divestitures for the Last Three Years Our principal capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment amounted
to €508 million for 2012 (2011: €372 million; 2010: €287 million). Principal capital expenditures in 2012 for property, plant, and equipment increased compared to 2011 mainly due to increased replacements and purchases of
computer hardware and vehicles. The increase from 2010 to 2011 was mainly due to an increase in spending on IT hardware. Principal capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment for the period from January 1, 2013 to the date of this
report were €70 million. For a related discussion on our property, plant, and equipment see Note (16) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our capital expenditures for intangible assets such as acquired technologies and customer relationships amounted to €1,794 million in 2012 from €114 million in 2011 (2010: €1,814 million). The increase from 2011 to 2012 was primarily attributable to the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba in 2012, whereas in
2011 we only had a few small business combinations. Our investments allocated to goodwill amounted to €4,639 million in 2012 from €170 million in 2011 (2010: €3,398 million). This significant increase was again due to
the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba in 2012 compared to the few small business combinations in 2011. The decrease from 2010 to 2011 (in the addition to goodwill and intangible assets) was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Sybase
in 2010. For further details on acquisitions and related capital expenditures, see Note (4) and Note (15) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information regarding the principal markets in which SAP competes, including a breakdown of total revenues by category of activity and geographic market for each of the last three years, see
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Operating Results” of this report. ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
AND PROSPECTS OVERVIEW We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for (a) licenses to our on-premise software products, (b) the use of our cloud subscription software offerings and (c) support,
consulting, development, training, and other services. The majority of our software arrangements include support services, and many also include professional services and other elements. Depending on the product or service provided we classify our revenues either as software and software-related services revenue or professional services and other service revenue. For more information on our principal sources of revenue and how the different types of revenue 43 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 are classified in our income statement refer to Note (3b) to our Consolidated Financial Statements, section Revenue Recognition. See “Item 4. Information about SAP – Portfolio of Software and Services” for a more detailed description of the products and services we offer. The following discussion is provided to enable a better understanding of our operating results for the periods covered, including: • the factors that we believe impacted our performance in 2012; • our outlook for 2012 compared to our actual performance (non-IFRS); • a discussion of our operating results for 2012 compared to 2011 and for 2011 compared to 2010; • the factors that we believe will impact our performance in 2013; and • our operational targets for 2013 (non-IFRS). The preceding overview should be read in conjunction with the more detailed discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in this Item 5, “Item 3. Key Information
– Risk Factors” and “Item 18. Financial Statements.” ECONOMIC CONDITIONS Global Economic Trends The global recovery lost some of its momentum in 2012 according to European Central Bank (ECB). 1 ) Particularly, the sovereign debt crisis in Europe impacted the global economy, and as the year progressed, the economic
slowdown in advanced economies spilled over into emerging markets. Tighter fiscal policies slowed gross domestic product growth even further. Nevertheless, the economies of the emerging countries performed much better in 2012 than those of
industrialized countries. In the EMEA region, gross domestic product in the euro area saw a slight decline in 2012, but managed to stabilize
at a low level toward the end of the year, boosting consumer and investor confidence in the financial markets. Given the positive developments in the labor market, Germany’s economy – according to the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) – grew faster than the euro area average. Yet here too, economic growth failed to reach the previous year’s level. The European Union (EU) countries outside the euro area experienced relatively weak economic growth. By
contrast, expansionary fiscal and monetary policies in Africa and the Middle East, as well as the private sector’s high confidence in economic growth, strengthened the resilience of most economies. The economy of the Americas region picked up in 2012. Although the U.S. economy continued to grow slowly overall, it managed to surpass its 2011 results
toward year-end. This was mainly due to unexpectedly resilient foreign trade and a rise in consumer and government spending. Growth in Latin America, on the other hand, decelerated, particularly in the first half of the year, due to a drop in demand
from abroad and weak domestic demand. In the APJ region, economic growth rates were less contrary than in past years. Following the setbacks
of 2011, the Japanese economy once again saw positive growth, although export levels and consumer spending remained low. In September, for the first time in more than 25 years, Japan even imported more than it exported. Economic activity in
emerging countries, especially China, continued its positive trend in 2012 but grew slower than in previous years. A decrease in demand from Europe weakened export growth, and domestic demand, though robust, could offset this only partially. Growth
rates remained considerably lower than in previous years, with China recording only single-digit growth. The IT Market Based on IDC analyses, SAP estimated the market for enterprise software (Enterprise Application Market, EAM) to be approximately US$110 billion in the
fourth quarter of 2012 (on a rolling four-quarter basis). In 2012, SAP was able to further extend its lead over its closest competitors Oracle and Microsoft and to increase its market share. 1) Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information from the European Central Bank (ECB). 44 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Global IT spending grew according to IDC in the middle single-digit percentage range in 2012 and thus twice
as fast as the overall global economy. Spending on smartphones, tablet PCs, data storage devices, and application software was well above this average. In line with the global economic trend, the emerging countries spent more on IT in 2012 than did
the industrialized countries. The economic crisis in Europe had a negative impact on IT market growth in the EMEA region. The austerity
measures of many governments had a detrimental effect, especially on corporate investments. As a result, IT spending in Western Europe only increased by values in the lower single-digit percentage range. This growth rate nevertheless surpassed the
growth rate for the global economy in 2012. Spending remained stable for smartphones and tablet PCs only. In the Americas region, the U.S. IT
market grew at the same pace as in 2011. Spending figures, as well as the growth rate for the entire U.S. economy, were below the global average. But the remaining countries in this region were able to counterbalance this result, so that IT spending
for the entire region exceeded the global average. The IT market in the APJ region offered up a contradictory scenario. The Japanese IT
market in particular proved to be weak. After gaining momentum from reconstruction efforts following the natural disasters in 2011, the economy began to slow as the year went on. As a result, IT spending in Japan only rose by values in the lower
single-digit percentage range. The IT market in developing Asian countries, however, grew steadily. Even though China’s gross domestic product grew less than 10% in 2012, its IT market once again recorded double-digit growth. However, this IT
growth was considerably slower than in 2011. Drivers of the Chinese IT market were primarily software, services, and infrastructure. Impact on SAP The overall economy and
the IT industry were once again characterized by uncertainty and risks in 2012. SAP business, however, was not affected: In 2012, SAP’s growth rate surpassed that of the IT industry and the global economy. We owe this success first and foremost
to our innovations in our core areas Applications and Analytics as well as our three new categories Mobile, Cloud, and Database and Technology (based on our in-memory platform SAP HANA). In this volatile economic environment, companies find themselves forced to streamline their business processes – which are now exposed more than
ever to fluctuations and risks – and to predict and analyze what-if scenarios. These companies had to deal with rapidly increasing and ever more complex data volumes, and needed to be able to access real-time evaluations at any time and from
anywhere. SAP met this need with its comprehensive range of standard software offerings. In the EMEA region, however, we were not able to
withdraw from the effects of the euro crisis entirely. At the beginning of the year, our revenues in a number of European markets lagged behind the annual average, but picked up pace as the year progressed and even went on to outperform the global
economy and the rest of the IT industry. Especially noteworthy was the double-digit growth in revenue from software and cloud subscriptions in the EMEA region. Our Americas region likewise outperformed the global economy and IT market. The fact that we were able to win customers in key industries for our innovative solutions was a key factor to this success.
This was mainly reflected in the growth rate of our software and cloud subscription revenues in the Americas region, which grew at a double-digit rate in 2012. The APJ region reported record revenue results compared to the figures for the global economy and IT market. We benefited greatly from the fact that Asian companies, for example, in Japan, were very
open-minded and interested in being early adopters of our new technologies and solution categories. OUTLOOK FOR
2012 Performance Against Outlook for 2012 (Non-IFRS) Our 2012 operating profit-related internal management goals and published outlook were based on our non-IFRS financial measures. For this reason, in this section we discuss performance against our outlook
referring solely to these non-IFRS financial measures. All discussion in the Operating Results (IFRS) section, however, is in terms of measures in accordance 45 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), and the numbers in that section are not explicitly identified as IFRS measures. Outlook for 2012 (Non-IFRS) At the beginning of 2012, we forecasted that our software and software-related service revenue (non-IFRS) for 2012 would increase by 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis (2011: €11,346 million).
SuccessFactors was anticipated to account for two percentage points of this increase. We also expected operating profit (non-IFRS) for 2012
to be in the range of €5.05 billion to €5.25 billion (2011: €4.71 billion) at constant currencies. We expected our operating profit (non-IFRS) excluding the SuccessFactors business to be in a similar range. We anticipated an IFRS effective tax rate of between 26.5% and 27.5% in 2012 (2011: 27.9%) and a non-IFRS
effective tax rate of between 27.0% and 28.0% (2011: 26.6%). In July 2012, we confirmed the outlook we published in January 2012. In October
2012, we changed our forecast for revenue growth to take into account the acquisition of Ariba. Provided that the economic environment did
not deteriorate, we anticipated our software and software-related service revenue (non-IFRS) for 2012, including Ariba, would reach the upper end of the 10.5% to 12.5% range on a constant currency basis. This would include a total contribution from
SuccessFactors and Ariba of around 2.5 percentage points. In line with our forecast at the beginning of 2012, we continued to expect our operating profit (non-IFRS) excluding the SuccessFactors and Ariba business to be in a similar range. To assist in understanding our 2012
performance as compared to our 2012 outlook a reconciliation from our IFRS financial measures to our non-IFRS financial measures is provided below. These IFRS financial measures reconcile to the nearest non-IFRS equivalents as follows: € millions, except operating margin IFRS Financial Measure Support Revenue Not Recorded Under IFRS Acquisition- Related Charges Share- based compensation Restruc- turing Discon- tinued Activities Non-IFRS Financial Measure Currency Effect on the Non-IFRS Financial Measure Non-IFRS Financial Measure at Constant Currency Software and software-related service revenue 13,165 81 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 13,246 –441 12,806 Total revenue (1) 16,223 81 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 16,304 –553 15,751 Operating profit (1) 4,065 81 537 522 8 0 5,214 –191 5,023 Operating margin in % 25.1 0.4 3.3 3.2 0 0 32.0 –0.1 31.9 (1) Operating profit is the numerator and total revenue is the denominator in the calculation of our IFRS operating margin and the comparable non-IFRS
operating margin, and are included in this table for the convenience of the reader. 2012 Actual Performance Compared to Outlook (Non-IFRS) In 2012, we increased our software and software-related service revenue (non-IFRS) by 13% to €12,806 million on a constant currency basis (2011: €11,346 million), clearly exceeding our expectations of 10% to 12% as announced in January 2012 as well as our revised forecast in October. 46 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Target-Performance Comparison for 2012 Forecast 2012 Results 2012 Software- and Software-related service revenue (non-IFRS, at constant currency) (1) +10.5% to 12.5% (2) +13% Operating profit (non-IFRS, at constant currency) €5.05 bn to €5.25 bn €5.02 bn Effective tax rate (IFRS) 26.5% to 27.5% 26.2% Effective tax rate (non-IFRS) 27.0% to 28.0% 27.5% (1) Updated forecast as at October 2012. This includes a combined contribution of approximately 2.5 percentage points from SuccessFactors and Ariba. (2) Forecast increased in the course of the fiscal year. Despite the partially uncertain economic situation in 2012, our new and existing customers continued to
show a high willingness to invest in our solutions: The constant currency-based increase in software revenue was largely due to strong growth
in the APJ and EMEA regions and steady growth in the Americas region. However, growth was slower in 2012 than in 2011. We also recorded a significant increase in cloud subscription and support revenue, thanks to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors
and Ariba. As a result, our software and cloud subscription revenue for 2012 increased 21% (17% at constant currencies) to €5 billion. Our software and software-related service revenue increased 17% to €13.25 billion (2011: €11.35
billion). At constant currencies, this increase was 13%. SuccessFactors and Ariba contributed to the growth in software and software-related service revenue at 2.7% (on a constant currency basis). In 2012, we achieved an operating profit (non-IFRS) of €5,023 million on a constant currency basis. Thus, operating profit (non-IFRS) at constant currencies for 2012 was slightly lower than the range of €5.05 billion to €5.25 billion that SAP had projected. This reduction in
operating profit is mainly due to the continued investment in key innovations, as well as the expansion of SAP’s sales activities worldwide. We achieved an effective tax rate of 26.2% (IFRS) and 27.5% (non-IFRS), which is lower than the effective tax rate of 26.5% to 27.5% (IFRS) but in the range of 27.0% to 28.0% (non-IFRS) projected for
2012. This decrease in the effective tax rate (IFRS) in comparison to the outlook mainly arises from the regional allocation of income. Operating Results (IFRS) This Operating Results (IFRS) section discusses results exclusively in terms of IFRS measures, so the IFRS financial measures are not explicitly identified as such. Our 2012 Results Compared to Our
2011 Results (IFRS) Revenue Revenue € millions 2012 2011 Change in % 2012 vs 2011 Software 4,658 4,107 13 % Cloud subscriptions and support 270 18 1400 % Software and cloud subscriptions 4,928 4,125 19 % Support 8,237 7,194 14 % Software and software-related service revenue 13,165 11,319 16 % Consulting 2,442 2,341 4 % Other services 616 573 8 % Professional services and other service revenue 3,058 2,914 5 % Total revenue 16,223 14,233 14 % 47 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Total Revenue Our revenue increased from €14,233 million in 2011 to €16,223 million in 2012, representing an increase of €1,990 million or 14%. This total revenue growth reflects a 10%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. The revenue growth is due primarily to an increase in software revenue of €551 million, an increase in cloud subscriptions and support revenue of
€252 million, and an increase in support revenue of €1,043 million. In 2012, software and software-related service revenue totaled €13,165 million as a result of this increase. Software and software-related service revenue
represented 81% of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 80%). In 2012, professional services and other service revenue contributed €3,058 million to our total revenue, representing an increase of 5% compared to 2011. For an analysis of our total revenue by region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and Revenue by Industry sections. Software and Software-Related Service Revenue Software revenue represents fees earned from the sale or license of software to customers. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue relates to contracts which permit the customer to use specific SAP-hosted
software functions during the contract period, and which impose significant contractual penalty if the customer cancels the contract or permanently uses the software on the customer’s own systems. Support revenue represents fees earned from
providing customers with technical support services and unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements. Software and
software-related service revenue increased from €11,319 million in 2011 to €13,165 million in 2012, representing an increase of 16%. The software and software-related service revenue growth reflects a 12% increase from changes in
volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. Software and cloud subscriptions revenue increased from €4,125 million
in 2011 to €4,928 million in 2012, representing an increase of €803 million or 19%. This growth consists of a 16% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% increase from currency effects. Software revenue increased from €4,107 million in 2011 to €4,658 million in 2012,
representing an increase of €551 million or 13%. This growth consists of a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% increase from currency effects. SAP HANA contributed €392 million to software revenue in 2012,
while mobile solutions accounted for €222 million. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased from €18 million in 2011
to €270 million in 2012. This growth is largely due to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba. Our customer base continued to
expand in 2012. Based on the number of contracts concluded, 19% of the orders we received for software in 2012 were from new customers (2011: 19%). The total value of software orders received grew 20% year over year. The total number of contracts
signed for new software decreased 4% to 59,289 contracts (2011: 61,474 contracts), whereas the average order value went up 25%. Our stable
customer base and the continued investment in software by new and existing customers throughout 2012 and the previous year resulted in an increase in support revenue from €7,194 million in 2011 to €8,237 million in 2012. The SAP
Enterprise Support service was the largest contributor to our support revenue. The €1,043 million or 14% increase in support revenue reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. This
growth is primarily attributable to our premium offerings and SAP Enterprise Support. According to that, the SAP Enterprise Support acceptance rate for net-new customers increased from 88% in 2011 to 96% in 2012. Professional Services and Other Service Revenue Professional services and other service revenue consists primarily of consulting and other service revenue. We generate most of our consulting revenue from the implementation of our software products.
Other service revenue consists mainly of revenue from the messaging services acquired from Sybase, as well as training revenue from providing educational services to customers and partners on the use of our software products and related topics. Professional services and other service revenue increased from €2,914 million in 2011 to 48 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 €3,058 million in 2012, representing an increase of €144 million or 5%. This growth reflects a 1% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency
effects. Consulting revenue increased from €2,341 million in 2011 to €2,442 million in 2012, representing an increase of
€101 million or 4%. The growth resulted entirely from currency effects. Consulting revenue contributed 80% of professional services and other service revenue (2011: 80%). Consulting revenue contributed 15% of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 16%). Other service revenue increased from €573 million in 2011 to €616 million in 2012, representing an increase of 8%. This growth reflects a 5% increase from changes in volumes and prices
and a 3% increase from currency effects. The increase is due mainly to higher revenues from messaging services. Revenue by Region and Industry Revenue by Region € millions 2012 2011 Change in % 2012 vs 2011 Germany 2,380 2,347 1 % Rest of EMEA 5,106 4,644 10 % EMEA 7,486 6,991 7 % United States 4,461 3,699 21 % Rest of Americas 1,639 1,392 18 % Americas 6,100 5,091 20 % Japan 789 652 21 % Rest of APJ 1,848 1,499 23 % APJ 2,637 2,151 23 % SAP Group 16,223 14,233 14 % Revenue by Industry € millions 2012 2011 Change in % 2012 vs 2011 Discrete Manufacturing 3,110 2,617 19 % Process Manufacturing 1,684 1,461 15 % Consumer Products 1,516 1,433 6 % Energy & Natural Resources 2,241 2,001 12 % Services 2,484 2,190 13 % Financial Services 1,444 1,196 21 % Public Services 1,437 1,399 3 % Retail & Wholesale 1,541 1,300 19 % Healthcare & Life Sciences 766 636 20 % Total revenue 16,223 14,233 14 % Revenue by Region We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the Americas region, and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. We allocate revenue amounts to each region based on where the customer is located. For more information about revenue by geographic region, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28). 49 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 The EMEA Region In 2012, the EMEA region generated €7,486 million in revenue (2011: €6,991 million) or 46% of total revenue (2011: 49%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 7%. Total revenue in
Germany increased 1% to €2,380 million in 2012 (2011: €2,347 million). Germany contributed 32% (2011: 34%) of all EMEA region revenue. The remaining revenue in the EMEA region was primarily generated in France, Italy, the Netherlands,
Russia, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Software and software-related service revenue generated in the EMEA region in 2012 totaled €6,106 million (2011: €5,529 million). Software and software-related service revenue represented
82% of total revenue in 2012 (2011: 79%). Software and cloud subscription revenue increased 13% in 2012 to €2,107 million (2011: €1,864 million). This growth reflects a 12% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% increase
from currency effects. The Americas Region In 2012, 38% of our total revenue was generated in the Americas region (2011: 36%). Total revenue in the Americas region increased 20% to €6,100 million; revenue generated in the United States
increased 21% to €4,461 million. This growth reflects a 12% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 9% increase from currency effects. The United States contributed 73% (2011: 73%) of all Americas region revenue. In the remaining
countries of the Americas region, revenue increased 18% to €1,639 million. This growth reflects a 17% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% increase from currency effects. This revenue was principally generated in Brazil, Canada,
and Mexico. Software and software-related service revenue generated in the Americas region in 2012 totaled €4,820 million (2011: €3,958 million). Software and software-related service revenue represented 79% of all revenue in the
Americas region in 2012 (2011: 78%). Software and cloud subscription revenue increased 25% in 2012 to €1,920 million (2011: €1,540 million). This growth reflects a 19% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 6% increase from
currency effects. The APJ Region In 2012, 16% (2011: 15%) of our total revenue was generated in the APJ region, with Japan recording the largest revenue increase. Total revenue in the APJ region increased 23% to €2,637 million. In
Japan, total revenue increased 21% to €789 million in 2012, representing a 30% contribution to all revenue generated across the APJ region (2011: 30%). The revenue rise in Japan reflects a 13% increase due to changes in volumes and prices
and an 8% increase from currency effects. In the remaining countries of the APJ region, revenue increased 23%. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was generated primarily in Australia, China, and India. Software and software-related
service revenue generated in the APJ region in 2012 totaled €2,239 million (2011: €1,832 million). In 2012, as in the prior year, software and software-related service revenue represented 85% of all revenue. Software and cloud
subscription revenue increased 25% in 2012 to €901 million (2011: €722 million). This growth reflects a 20% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 5% increase from currency effects. Revenue by Industry We allocate our
customers to one of our industries at the outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a particular customer is recorded under that industry sector. In 2012, we achieved above-average growth in the following sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Financial services (€1,444 million, at a growth rate of 21%); healthcare and life sciences
(€766 million, at a growth rate of 20%); discrete manufacturing (€3,110 million, at a growth rate of 19%); retail and wholesale (€1,541 million, at a growth rate of 19%); and process manufacturing (€1,684 million, at a growth
rate of 15%). Results from the other sectors were as follows: services (€2,484 million, at a growth rate of 13%); energy and natural
resources (€2,241 million, at a growth rate of 12%); consumer products (€1,516 million, at a growth rate of 6%); and public services (€1,437 million, at a growth rate of 3%). 50 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Operating Profit and Margin Total Operating Expenses € millions 2012 % of 
total revenue (1) 2011 % of 
total revenue (2) Change in % 2012 vs 2011 Cost of software and software-related services –2,551 16% –2,107 15% 21% Cost of professional services and other services –2,514 15% –2,248 16% 12% Research and development –2,253 14% –1,939 14% 16% Sales and marketing –3,907 24% –3,081 22% 27% General and administration –947 6% –715 5% 32% Restructuring –8 0% –4 0% n.a. TomorrowNow litigation 0 0% 717 5% n.a. Other operating income/expense, net 23 0% 25 0% –8% Total operating expenses – 12,158 75% – 9,352 66% 30% (1) Total revenue for 2012: € 16,223 million. (2) Total revenue for 2011: € 14,233 million. Operating Profit and Operating Margin € millions, except for operating margin 2012 2011 Change in % 2012 vs 2011 Operating profit 4,065 4,881 –17% Operating margin in % 25.1% 34.3% –9.2pp Operating Profit and Operating Margin In 2012, our operating profit totaled €4,065 million (2011: €4,881 million), a significant year-over-year decrease. A year-on-year comparison of operating profit is only possible to a
limited extent, because of the release of the TomorrowNow litigation provision in the amount of €717 million in 2011. Increased expenses relating to the share-based payments in the amount of €522 million (2011: €68 million)
as well as acquisition-related expenses of €537 million (2011: €448 million) reduced our operating profit in 2012. Share-based payment expenses rose considerably in 2012 as a result of new plans and an increase in the price of SAP
stock. Our operating profit for 2012 was also impacted by continued investments in global sales activities and cloud computing. The number of
SAP employees (expressed in full-time equivalents, or FTEs) rose year on year by almost 8,700 persons, including more than 4,800 employees from acquisitions. All of the above factors caused our operating margin in 2012 to drop 9.2 percentage points to 25.1% (2011: 34.3%). In 2012, operating expenses increased €2,806 million or 30% to €12,158 million (2011:
€9,352 million). This increase is due primarily to acquisition-related expenses, share-based payments, continued investments in sales activities, an increase in personnel costs as a result of acquisitions, and cloud computing activity. The sections that follow discuss our costs of sales by line item. Cost of Software and Software-Related Services Cost of software and software-related
services consists primarily of customer support costs, cost of developing custom solutions that address customers’ specific business requirements, costs for deploying and operating cloud solutions, amortization of intangible assets, and license
fees and commissions paid to third parties for databases and the other complementary third-party products sublicensed by us to our customers. 51 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 In 2012, our cost of software and software-related services grew 21% to €2,551 million (2011:
€2,107 million). The main cost factors were increased customer support expenses totaling €184 million and an acquisition-related increase in expenses for providing and operating our cloud solutions. The license fees that we pay to
third parties also rose in parallel with the increase in software revenue. The margin on our software and software-related services, defined as software and software-related services profit as a percentage of software and software-related services
revenue, remained constant year over year in 2012 at 81% (2011: 81%). Cost of Professional Services and Other Services Cost of professional services and other services consists primarily of the cost of consulting and training personnel and the cost of bought-in
third-party consulting and training resources. This item also includes sales and marketing expenses for our professional services and other services resulting from sales and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be clearly distinguished from
providing the professional services and other services. Costs for professional and other services rose 12% from €2,248 million in
2011 to €2,514 million in 2012. The margin on our professional and other services, defined as professional and other services profit as a percentage of professional and other services revenue, decreased to 18% in 2012 (2011: 23%). The
disproportionately high growth in spending compared to professional services and other service revenue is mainly due to increased costs in a limited number of customer projects. Research and Development Expense Our research and development (R & D) expense
consists primarily of the personnel cost of our R & D employees, costs incurred for independent contractors we retain to assist in our R & D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and software we use for our R &
D activities. In 2012, R & D costs rose 16% to €2,253 million. This increase primarily resulted from the increase in personnel costs
related to the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba. In 2012, R & D expense as a percentage of total revenue increased slightly to 13.9% (2011: 13.6%).
Total revenue increased at the same rate as R & D expense, resulting in a nearly constant R & D ratio. For more information, see the Research and Development section. Sales and Marketing Expense Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel
costs and direct sales expense to support our sales and marketing teams in selling and marketing our products and services. Sales and
marketing costs rose 27% from €3,081 million in 2011 to €3,907 million in 2012. The increase was due primarily to the increased personnel costs of our expanded sales teams in new growth markets, among others, and to increased
employee headcount as a result of acquisitions. Travel and marketing costs rose as a result of increased business operations. The ratio of sales and marketing costs to total revenue, expressed as a percentage, increased 24% year over year (2011:
22%). This was because expenses grew disproportionately to revenue. General and Administration Expense Our general and administration (G&A) expense consists mainly of personnel costs to support our finance and administration functions. Our G&A expense rose from €715 million in 2011 to €947 million in 2012, representing an increase of 32%. This was due mainly to
share-based payments and the increase in personnel costs as a result of the acquisition-related rise in headcount. The ratio of general and administration costs to total revenue in 2012 thus rose 1% year over year to 6%. Segment Results Following
SAP’s increased focus on the cloud business, in 2012 we changed both the structure of the components that the SAP management uses to make decisions about operating matters, and the main profit measure used for the purposes of allocating
resources to these components and measuring their performance. The segment information for earlier periods has been restated to conform with these changes. A detailed description of segment information is included in Note (28) of our Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. 52 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 We have two divisions – On-Premise and Cloud, which are further divided into operating segments. Our
On-Premise division is comprised of two operating segments: On-Premise Products and On-Premise Services. Our Cloud division is comprised of two operating segments: Cloud Applications and Ariba. Total revenue and profit figures for each of our operating segments differ from the respective revenue and profit figures classified in our Consolidated Statements of Income because of several differences between our internal management reporting and our external IFRS reporting. For more
information about our segment reporting and a reconciliation from our internal management reporting to our external IFRS reporting, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28). € millions, unless otherwise stated 2012 2011 Change in % 2012 vs 2011 On Premise Product Segment External revenue 12,881 11,325 14 Cost of revenue –1,990 –1,762 13 Gross profit 10,891 9,564 14 Sales and marketing costs –3,410 –2,919 17 Operating segment profit/loss 7,481 6,644 13 Segment profitability 58% 59% On Premise Services Segment External revenue 2,967 2,901 2 Cost of revenue –2,298 –2,201 4 Gross profit 669 700 –4 Sales and marketing costs 0 0 0 Operating segment profit/loss 669 700 – 4 Segment profitability 23% 24% Cloud Applications Segment External revenue 336 29 >100 Cost of revenue –158 –66 >100 Gross profit 178 –37 <–100 Sales and marketing costs –231 –32 >100 Operating segment profit/loss – 53 – 69 – 23 Segment profitability – 16% – 238% Ariba Segment External revenue 120 4 >100 Cost of revenue –75 –9 >100 Gross profit 45 –5 <–100 Sales and marketing costs –43 –2 >100 Operating segment profit/loss 2 – 7 <– 100 Segment profitability 2% – 175% On-Premise Division The On-Premise division derives its revenue primarily from the sale of on-premise software (that is, software designed for use on hardware at the customer’s premises) and mobile software (that is,
software designed for use on mobile devices) as well as services relating to such software. On-Premise Products Segment The On-Premise Products segment is primarily engaged in marketing and licensing our on-premise and mobile software products and providing support services for these software products. 53 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 In 2012, revenue in the On-Premise Products segment increased 14% to €12,881 million (2011:
€11,325 million). This growth reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. The reason for this growth was the rise in software license sales, which, in turn, led to an increase in support
revenue. Software revenue, which is added to revenues in the On-Premise Products segment, rose by 13% to €4,656 million (2011: €4,105 million). This growth reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% increase
from currency effects. Support revenue increased by 14% to €8,226 million (2011: €7,220 million). This growth reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 4% increase from currency effects. In 2012, cost of revenue increased 13% to €1,990 million (2011: €1,762 million) and sales and marketing costs increased by 17% to
€3,410 million (2011: €2,919 million). The increased expenses in the On-Premise Products segment are the result of increased business operations following the rise in demand in 2012. The operating segment profit of the On-Premise Products segment rose by 13% to €7,481 million (2011: €6,644 million), representing segment
profitability of 58% (2011: 59%). On-Premise Services Segment The On-Premise Services segment primarily performs various professional services, mainly implementation services of our software products and educational services on the use of our software products. In 2012, revenue in the On-Premise Services segment increased 2% to €2,967 million (2011: €2,901 million). This growth
reflects a 1% decrease from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% increase from currency effects. In 2012, cost of revenue in the On-Premise
Services segment increased 4% to €2,298 million (2011: €2,201 million). The increased expenses in the On-Premise Services segment are the result of constant business operations and increased costs in a limited number of customer
projects. The operating segment profit of the On-Premise Services segment decreased by 4% to €669 million (2011: €700
million), representing segment profitability of 23% (2011: 24%). Cloud Division The Cloud division derives its revenues primarily from the sale of cloud software (that is, software designed for delivery through the cloud) and services relating to such software. Driven by the acquisition of SuccessFactors in the first quarter of 2012, SAP showed a strong cloud momentum in 2012: Derived from the total revenue of
SAP’s two Cloud segments (Cloud Applications and Ariba), the annual cloud revenue run rate in the fourth quarter approached €850 million. For the Cloud Applications segment alone, 12-month new and upsell subscription billings
increased nineteenfold in the fourth quarter. Even when including SuccessFactors in SAP’s 2011 numbers, the growth is triple digit at 102%. For SuccessFactors on a stand-alone basis, 12-month new and upsell subscription billings grew 95%
compared to the previous year. The annualized revenue run rate is derived from the total revenue of SAP’s two Cloud segments (Cloud
Applications and Ariba) in the fourth quarter of 2012 and includes Ariba (before any future growth). The annual run rate is calculated by multiplying the fourth-quarter Cloud division revenue by 4. The year-over-year growth rate in 12-month new and upsell subscription billings relates to SAP’s Cloud Applications business (excluding Ariba). The
growth rate is a pro forma growth rate that assumes that the acquisition of SuccessFactors was completed as of January 1, 2011. Cloud Applications Segment The
Cloud Applications segment is primarily engaged in marketing and selling subscriptions to the cloud software offerings developed by SAP and SuccessFactors. In 2012, revenue in the Cloud Applications segment increased to €336 million (2011: €29 million). In 2012, cost of revenue increased to €158 million (2011: €66 million) and sales and marketing costs increased to €231 million (2011: €32 million). The increased expenses in
the Cloud Applications segment were largely driven by the acquisition of SuccessFactors in the first quarter of 2012. The operating segment
loss of the Cloud Applications segment increased by 23% to 54 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 €–53 million (2011: €–69 million), representing segment profitability of –16% (2011: –238%). Ariba Segment The Ariba segment primarily markets and sells the cloud software
offerings developed by Ariba. While this segment is named Ariba, it is not identical to the acquired Ariba business since certain SAP activities are now in our Ariba segment. For 2011, the numbers for the Ariba segment reflect the SAP activities
that were allocated to the Ariba segment upon its establishment. In 2012, revenue in the Ariba segment increased to €120 million
(2011: €4 million). In 2012, cost of revenue increased to €75 million (2011: €9 million) and sales and marketing costs
increased by 2150% to €43 million (2011: €2 million). The increased expenses in the Ariba segment were largely driven by the acquisition of Ariba at the end of 2012. The operating segment loss of the Ariba segment turned into a segment profit of €2 million (2011: €–7 million), representing segment profitability of 2% (2011: –175%). Financial Income Finance
income, net, decreased to €–68 million (2011: €–38 million). Our finance income was €107 million (2011: €123 million) and our finance costs were €175 million (2011: €161 million). Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans and financial assets (cash, cash equivalents,
and current investments), which was €50 million in 2012 (2011: €64 million). This decrease is attributable mainly to a lower average liquidity and lower interest rates than in 2011. Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial liabilities (€130 million in 2012 compared to €123 million in 2011). This
year-over-year increase resulted mainly from the financial debt incurred in connection with the SuccessFactors and Ariba acquisitions. For more information about these financing instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (17b). Another factor in financial income in 2012 was the derivatives we utilize to execute our financial risk management
strategy. The associated time value effects from derivatives were reflected in interest income of €27 million (2011: €37 million) and interest expenses of €28 million (2011: €37 million). Income Tax Our effective tax
rate decreased to 26.2% in 2012 (2011: 27.9%). The increased effective tax rate 2011 mainly resulted from the reduction of the TomorrowNow litigation provision. For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section,
Note (10). Our 2011 Results Compared to Our
2010 Results (IFRS) Revenue Revenue € millions 2011 2010 Change in % 2011 vs 2010 Software 4,107 3,410 20 % Cloud subscriptions and support 18 14 29 % Software and cloud subscriptions 4,125 3,424 20 % Support 7,194 6,370 13 % Software and software-related service revenue 11,319 9,794 16 % Consulting 2,341 2,197 7 % Other services 573 473 21 % Professional services and other service revenue 2,914 2,670 9 % Total revenue 14,233 12,464 14 % 55 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Total Revenue Total revenue increased from €12,464 million in 2010 to €14,233 million in 2011, representing an increase of €1,769 million or 14%. This total revenue growth reflects a 16%
increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects. The revenue growth is due primarily to an increase in software revenue of €697 million and an increase in support revenue of €824 million. In 2011,
software and software-related service revenue totaled €11,319 million as a result of this increase. Software and software-related service revenue represented 80% of all revenue in 2011 compared with 79% in 2010. In 2011, professional
services and other service revenue contributed €2,914 million to our total revenue, representing an increase of 9% compared to 2010. For an analysis of our total revenue by region and industry, see the Revenue by Region and Revenue by Industry sections. Software and Software-Related Service Revenue Software revenue represents fees earned from the sale or license of software to customers. Cloud subscriptions and support revenue represents revenues from our cloud offerings. Support revenue represents
fees earned from providing customers with technical support services and unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements. Software
and software-related service revenue increased from €9,794 million in 2010 to €11,319 million in 2011, representing an increase of 16%. The software and software-related service revenue growth reflects a 17% increase from changes
in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects. Software revenue increased from €3,410 million in 2010 to
€4,107 million in 2011, representing an increase of €697 million or 20%. This increase reflects growth of 23% from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% decrease from currency effects. SAP Business Suite software contributed the greatest share of growth in software revenue, followed by SAP HANA and mobile solutions. In 2011, our customer base again expanded. Based on the number of contracts concluded, 20% of the orders we received for software in 2011 were from new customers (2010: 23%). The value of orders received for software grew 16% year over year. The total number of contracts signed for
new software increased 17% to 59,059 contracts (2010: 50,439 contracts). Cloud subscriptions and support revenue increased by
€4 million or 22% to €18 million (2010: €14 million). This increase reflects changes in volume and prices of 24% and a 2% decrease from currency effects. Our stable customer base and the continued investment in software by new and existing customers throughout 2011 and the previous year resulted in an increase in support revenue from
€6,370 million in 2010 to €7,194 million in 2011. Our SAP Enterprise Support offering generated most of the support revenue. The €824 million or 13% increase in support revenue reflects growth of 14% from changes in
volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. Our premium offerings and strong growth in revenue from SAP Enterprise Support were among the factors accounting for the increase in support revenue. Professional Services and Other Service Revenue Professional services and other service revenue consists primarily of consulting and other service revenue. We generate most of our consulting revenue from the implementation of our software products.
Other service revenue consists mainly of training revenue from providing educational services to customers and partners on the use of our software products and related topics, and revenue from the messaging services business acquired from Sybase. Professional services and other service revenue increased from €2,670 million in 2010 to €2,914 million in 2011,
representing an increase of €244 million or 9%. This growth reflects an 11% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects. Consulting revenue increased from €2,197 million in 2010 to €2,341 million in 2011, representing 8% growth from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects.
Consulting revenue contributed 80% of professional services and other service revenue (2010: 82%). Consulting revenue contributed 16% of total revenue in 2011 (2010: 18%). 56 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Other service revenue increased from €473 million in 2010 to €573 million in 2011,
representing an increase of 21%. This growth reflects a 23% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects. The increase is due mainly to revenues from messaging services and training revenue. Revenue by Region and Industry Revenue by Region € millions 2011 2010 Change in % 2011 vs 2010 Germany 2,347 2,195 7 % Rest of EMEA 4,644 4,068 14 % EMEA 6,991 6,263 12 % United States 3,699 3,243 14 % Rest of Americas 1,392 1,192 17 % Americas 5,091 4,435 15 % Japan 652 513 27 % Rest of APJ 1,499 1,253 20 % APJ 2,151 1,766 22 % SAP Group 14,233 12,464 14 % Revenue by Industry € millions 2011 2010 Change in % 2011 vs 2010 Discrete Manufacturing 2,617 2,190 19 % Process Manufacturing 1,461 1,255 16 % Consumer Products 1,433 1,243 15 % Energy & Natural Resources 2,001 1,796 11 % Services 2,190 1,959 12 % Financial Services 1,196 1,058 13 % Public Services 1,399 1,246 12 % Retail & Wholesale 1,300 1,124 16 % Healthcare & Life Sciences 636 593 7 % Total revenue 14,233 12,464 14 % Revenue by Region We break our operations down into three regions: the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region; the Americas region, which comprises North and Latin America; and the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region,
which includes Japan, Australia, and other parts of Asia. We allocate revenue amounts to each region based on customers’ locations. For more information about revenue by geographic region, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
section, Note (28). The EMEA Region In 2011, the EMEA region generated €6,991 million in revenue (2010: €6,263 million) or 49% of total revenue (2010: 50%). This represents a year-over-year increase of 12%. Total revenue in Germany increased 7% to €2,347 million in 2011 (2010: €2,195 million).
Germany contributed 34% of all EMEA region revenue (2010: 35%). The remaining revenue in the EMEA region was primarily generated in the UK, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Russia, and Italy. Software and software-related service revenue
generated in the EMEA region in 2011 totaled €5,529 million (2010: €4,883 million). Software and software-related service revenue represented 79% of all revenue in 2011 compared with 78% in 2010. 57 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 The Americas Region In 2011, 36% of our total revenue was generated in the Americas region (2010: 36%). Total revenue in the Americas region increased 15% to €5,091 million. Revenue generated in the United States
increased 14% to €3,699 million. This growth reflects a 20% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 6% decrease from currency effects. The United States contributed 73% of all Americas region revenue (2010: 73%). Revenue increased 17%
to €1,392 million in the remaining countries of the Americas region. This growth reflects a 20% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% decrease from currency effects. This revenue was principally generated in Canada, Brazil,
and Mexico. Software and software-related service revenue generated in the Americas region in 2011 totaled €3,958 million (2010: €3,427 million). Software and software-related service revenue represented 78% of all revenue (2010:
77%). The APJ Region In
2011, 15% of our total revenue was generated in the APJ region (2010: 14%); most of the revenue was from Japan. Total revenue in the APJ region increased 22% to €2,151 million. In Japan, total revenue increased 27% to €652 million in
2011, representing a 30% contribution to all revenue generated across the APJ region (2010: 29%). This growth in revenue reflects a 22% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 5% increase from currency effects. Revenue increased 20% in the
remaining countries of the APJ region. Revenue in the remaining countries of the APJ region was generated primarily in Australia, India and China. Software and software-related service revenue generated in the APJ region in 2011 totaled
€1,832 million (2010: €1,484 million). Software and software-related service revenue represented 85% of all revenue in 2011 compared with 84% in 2010. Revenue by Industry To help us better meet the requirements of existing and
potential customers, we restructured our industry groups in 2011, and now serve nine sectors rather than six as in 2010. The
first of our three new sectors, healthcare and life sciences, incorporates healthcare, medicine, and pharmaceuticals, which were previously distributed across our public services and manufacturing process industry groups. The new energy and natural
resources sector combines our oil and gas, mining, utilities, and waste management segments. These were previously in our manufacturing process and services industry segments. We have defined our new retail and wholesale sector to focus more
strongly on two areas that we had previously included in our consumer products industry sector. We restructured two further sub-areas to reflect changing customer needs. Engineering, construction, and operations, which previously belonged to our
manufacturing discrete industry sector, is now included in our services sector. The postal industry has been assigned to the public services industry sector. We allocate our customers to an industry sector at the outset of an initial arrangement. All subsequent revenue from a particular customer is recorded under that sector. In 2011, we achieved above-average growth in the following sectors, measured by changes in total revenue: Manufacturing discrete (€2,617 million, at
a growth rate of 19%), manufacturing process (€1,461 million, at a growth rate of 16%), retail and wholesale (€1,300 million, at a growth rate of 16%) and consumer products (€1,433 million, at a growth rate of 15%). Results from the other sectors were as follows: Financial services: €1,196 million, at a growth rate of 13%; public services:
€1,399 million, at a growth rate of 12%; services: €2,190 million, at a growth rate of 12%; energy and natural resources: €2,001 million, at a growth rate of 11%; and healthcare and life sciences:
€636 million, at a growth rate of 7%. 58 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Operating Profit and Margin Total Operating Expenses € millions 2011 % of 
total revenue (1) 2010 % of 
total revenue (2) Change in % 2011 vs 2010 Cost of software and software-related services –2,107 15% –1,823 15% 16% Cost of professional services and other services –2,248 16% –2,071 17% 9% Research and development –1,939 14% –1,729 14% 12% Sales and marketing –3,081 22% –2,645 21% 16% General and administration –715 5% –636 5% 12% Restructuring –4 0% 3 0% <–100% TomorrowNow litigation 717 5% –981 8% <–100% Other operating income/expense, net 25 0% 9 0% 178% Total operating expenses – 9,352 66% – 9,873 79% – 5% (1) Total revenue for 2011: € 14,233 million. (2) Total revenue for 2010: € 12,464 million. Operating Profit and Operating Margin € millions, except for operating margin 2011 2010 Change in % 2011 vs 2010 Operating profit 4,881 2,591 88% Operating margin in % 34.3% 20.8% 13.5pp Operating Profit and Operating Margin In 2011, our operating profit totaled €4,881 million (2010: €2,591 million), a significant year-over-year improvement. A contributor to
the increased operating profit in 2011 was a €717 million reduction of the TomorrowNow litigation provision. We had increased this provision in 2010, which resulted in a €981 million negative impact on operating profit in that
year. For more information about the TomorrowNow litigation, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (23). Overall, revenue increased in 2011 while operating expenses decreased. Our operating margin widened 13.5 percentage points to 34.3% in 2011 (2010: 20.8%). The reduction of the TomorrowNow litigation provision had a 5.0
percentage point positive effect on operating margin in 2011; in 2010, we had significantly increased the provision, which had a negative impact of 7.9 percentage points on operating margin. In 2011, operating expenses decreased €521 million or 5% to €9,352 million (2010:
€9,873 million). This reduction is due primarily to the reduction of the TomorrowNow litigation provision, which we had significantly increased in the previous year. The sections that follow discuss our costs by line item. Cost of Software and
Software-Related Services Cost of software and software-related services consists primarily of various customer support costs, the
cost of developing custom solutions to address individual customers’ business requirements, and license fees and commissions we pay to third parties for database software and the other complementary third-party products that we sublicense to
our customers. In 2011, costs for software and software-related services rose 16% to €2,107 million (2010: €1,823 million).
The main cost driver was an 59 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 increase in personnel to cover the growing demand for SAP Enterprise Support in 2011, which in turn had a positive effect on support revenue. The license fees and the commissions that we pay to
third parties for database software also rose in parallel with the increase in software revenue. The margin on our software and software-related services, defined as software and software-related services profit as a percentage of software and
software-related services revenue, remained constant year over year in 2011 at 81% (2010: 81%). Cost of Professional Services and Other
Services Cost of professional services and other services consists primarily of the cost of consulting and training personnel and the
cost of bought-in third-party consulting and training resources. This item also includes sales and marketing expenses for our professional services and other services resulting from sales and marketing efforts where those efforts cannot be clearly
distinguished from providing the professional services and other services. Costs for professional and other services rose 9% from
€2,071 million in 2010 to €2,248 million in 2011. The margin on our professional and other services, defined as professional and other services profit as a percentage of professional and other services revenue widened to 23% in
2011 (2010: 22%). The increase in profitability is due mainly to the positive trend in consulting. Research and Development Expense Our research and development (R&D) expense consists primarily of the personnel cost of our R&D employees, costs incurred for
independent contractors we retain to assist in our R&D activities, and amortization of the computer hardware and software we use for our R&D activities. In 2011, R&D costs rose 12% to €1,939 million. This increase primarily results from the increase in personnel costs. In 2011, R&D expense as a percentage of total revenue was unchanged at 14% because R&D costs increased year over year at the same rate as sales. Sales and Marketing Expense Sales and marketing expense consists mainly of personnel costs and direct sales expense incurred to support our sales and marketing teams in selling and marketing our products and services. Sales and marketing costs rose 16% from €2,645 million in 2010 to €3,081 million in 2011. The increase was due primarily to the
increased personnel costs of our expanded sales teams in new growth markets among others and to increased variable remuneration as a result of surpassing our corporate goals. Travel and marketing costs rose as a result of increased business
operations. The increase in the number of employees in sales and marketing led to accelerated revenue growth. At the same time, the ratio of sales and marketing costs to total revenue, expressed as a percentage, increased 22% year over year (2010:
21%). This was because expenses grew disproportionately to revenue. General and Administration Expense Our general and administration expense consists mainly of the cost of personnel working in our finance and administration functions. Our general and administration expense rose from €636 million in 2010 to €715 million in 2011, representing a 12% increase. This was
due mainly to the increase in personnel costs. The ratio of general and administration costs to total revenue in 2011 remained constant year over year at 5%. Segment Discussions We have two divisions – On Premise and Cloud which are
further divided into operating segments. Our On Premise division is comprised of two operating segments: On Premise Product and On Premise Services. Our Cloud division is comprised of two operating segments: Cloud Applications and Ariba. Total revenue and profit figures for each of our operating segments differ from the respective revenue and profit figures classified in our Consolidated
Statements of Income because of several differences between our internal management reporting and our external IFRS reporting. For further details of our segment reporting and a reconciliation from our internal management reporting to our external
IFRS reporting, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (28). 60 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 € millions, unless otherwise stated 2011 2010 Change in % 2011 vs 2010 On Premise Product Segment External revenue 11,325 9,853 15 Cost of revenue –1,762 –1,569 12 Gross profit 9,564 8,284 15 Sales and marketing costs –2,919 –2,520 16 Operating segment profit/loss 6,644 5,764 15 Segment profitability 59% 58% On Premise Services Segment External revenue 2,901 2,663 9 Cost of revenue –2,201 –2,041 8 Gross profit 700 622 13 Sales and marketing costs 0 0 0 Operating segment profit/loss 700 622 13 Segment profitability 24% 23% Cloud Applications Segment External revenue 29 21 38 Cost of revenue –66 –60 10 Gross profit –37 –39 –5 Sales and marketing costs –32 –29 10 Operating segment profit/loss – 69 – 68 1 Segment profitability – 238% – 324% Ariba Segment External revenue 4 0 n.a. Cost of revenue –9 –4 >100 Gross profit –5 –4 25 Sales and marketing costs –2 –1 100 Operating segment profit/loss – 7 – 5 40 Segment profitability – 175% n.a. On Premise Division The On Premise division derives its revenues primarily from the sale of on premise software (i.e. software designed for use on hardware on the customer’s premises) and mobile software (i.e, software
designed for use on mobile devices) and services relating to such software. On Premise Product Segment The Product segment is primarily engaged in marketing and licensing our on premise and mobile software products and providing support services for these
software products. In 2011, revenue in the Product segment increased 15% to €11,325 million (2010: €9,853 million). This
growth reflects a 17% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% decrease from currency effects. The reason for this growth was the rise in software license sales, which in turn led to an increase in support revenue. Software revenue, which is added to
revenues in the Product segment, rose by 20% to €4,105 million (2010: €3,409 million). This growth reflects a 23% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 3% decrease from currency effects. Support revenue increased by 12% to
€7,220 million (2010: €6,444 million). This growth reflects a 13% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. In 2011, cost of revenue increased 12% to €1,762 million (2010: €1,569 million) and sales & marketing costs increased by 16% to €2,919 million (2010: €2,520
million). The increased expenses in the Product segment are the result of increased business operations following the rise in demand in 2011. 61 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 The operating segment profit of the Product segment rose by 15% to €6,644 million (2010:
€5,764 million), representing segment profitability of 59% (2010: 58%). On Premise Services Segment The Services segment primarily performs various professional services, mainly implementation services of our software products and educational services
on the use of our software products. In 2011, revenue in the Services segment increased 9% to €2,901 million (2010:
€2,663 million). This growth reflects a 10% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 1% decrease from currency effects. In
2011, cost of revenue in the Services segment increased 8% to €2,201 million (2010: €2,041 million). The increased expenses in the Services segment are the result of increased business operations following the rise in demand in
2011. The operating segment profit of the Services segment rose by 13% to €700 million (2010: €622 million), representing
segment profitability of 24% (2010: 23%). Cloud Division The Cloud division derives its revenues primarily from the sale of cloud software (i.e. software designed for delivery through the Cloud) and services relating to such software. Cloud Applications Segment The
Cloud Applications segment is primarily engaged in marketing and selling subscriptions to the cloud software offerings developed by SAP and Successfactors. In 2011, revenue in the Cloud Applications segment increased 38% to €29 million (2010: €21 million). This growth reflects a 40% increase from changes in volumes and prices and a 2% increase
from currency effects. In 2011, cost of revenue increased 10% to €66 million (2010: €60 million) and sales &
marketing costs increased by 10% to €32 million (2010: €29 million). The increased expenses in the Cloud Applications segment are the result of increased business operations following the rise in demand in 2011. The operating segment loss of the Cloud Applications segment increased by 1% to €–69 million
(2010: €–68 million), representing segment profitability of –238% (2010: –324%). Ariba Segment The Ariba segment primarily markets and sells the cloud software offerings developed by Ariba. While this segment is named Ariba, it is not identical to
the acquired Ariba business since parts of the acquired business are now integrated with and thus reported in other segments, and certain SAP activities are now in our Ariba segment. For 2011, the numbers for the Ariba segment reflect the SAP
activities that were allocated to the Ariba segment upon its establishment. In 2011, revenue in the Ariba segment increased to
€4 million (2010: €0 million). In 2011, cost of revenue increased to €9 million (2010: €4 million) and
sales & marketing costs increased by 100% to €2 million (2010: €1 million). The increased expenses in the Ariba segment are largely driven by the acquisition of Crossgate at the end of 2011. The operating segment loss of the Ariba segment decreased by 40% to €–7 million (2010: €–5 million), representing segment
profitability of –175%. Financial Income In 2011, financial income improved to €–38 million (2010: €–67 million). Our finance income was €123 million (2010: €73 million) and our finance
costs were €161 million (2010: €140 million). Finance income mainly consists of interest income from loans and
receivables (cash, cash equivalents, and current investments), which was €64 million in 2011 (2010: €34 million). This increase is attributable mainly to the higher average liquidity than in 2010. Finance costs mainly consist of interest expense on financial liabilities (€123 million in 2011 compared to €77 million in 2010). This
year-over-year increase resulted mainly from the financial debt incurred in connection with the Sybase acquisition. We used bank loans, bonds, and private placements to finance this acquisition. For more information about these financing
instruments, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17b). 62 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Another factor in financial income in 2011 was the derivatives we utilize to execute our financial risk
management strategy. The associated fair value effects were reflected in interest income of €37 million (2010: €25 million) and interest expenses of €37 million (2010: €31 million). Income Tax Our effective tax
rate increased to 27.9% in 2011 (2010: 22.5%). The main reason for this significant year-over-year difference is the change in the measurement of the TomorrowNow litigation provision. While 2010 saw a tax rate reduction of almost 5 percentage points
as a result of the significant increase of the TomorrowNow litigation provision, in 2011 we experienced an effective tax rate increase resulting from the reduction of the same provision. However, this increase was offset by tax effects related to
intercompany financing. For more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note 
(10). FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE EXPOSURE Although our reporting currency is the euro, a significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the euro. Since the Group’s entities usually conduct their business in their
respective functional currencies, our risk of exchange rate fluctuations from ongoing ordinary operations is not considered significant. However, occasionally we generate foreign-currency-denominated receivables, payables, and other monetary items
by transacting in a currency other than the functional currency; to mitigate the extent of the associated foreign currency exchange rate risk, the majority of these transactions are hedged as described in Note (25) to our Consolidated Financial
Statements. Also see Notes (3) and (24) for additional information on foreign currencies. Approximately 72% and 69% of our total
revenue 2012 and 2011, respectively, was attributable to operations in non-euro participating countries. As a result, those revenues had to be translated into euros for financial reporting purposes. Fluctuations in the value of the euro had a favorable impact on our total revenue of €548 million for 2012. Regarding 2011 the euro had an unfavorable impact on our total revenue of €195 million, while for 2010 the euro
had a favorable impact of €705 million. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations discussed in the preceding paragraph
is calculated by translating current period figures in local currency to euros at the monthly average exchange rate for the corresponding month in the prior year. Our revenue analysis, included within the “Operating Results,” section of
this Item 
5, discusses at times increases and decreases due to currency effects, which are calculated in the same manner. OUTLOOK Future Trends in the Global Economy Given the growing demand and the financial markets’ increasing confidence in a positive future, the global economy is expected to recover gradually in 2013 according to the European Central Bank
(ECB). 2 ) Growth momentum will nevertheless be moderate, with emerging
countries expected to grow more strongly than industrialized countries. In the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region, the economy of
the euro area is expected to have a slow start to 2013, chiefly because of the ongoing debt crisis in southern European countries, a low level of investor and consumer confidence, and dampened export demand. A gradual recovery is expected later in
the year if consumer spending and export demand are strong enough to restore confidence to the financial markets. Economic progress will be uneven in the Middle East and Africa because the political situation in the various countries is so
different. Looking at the Americas region, it is anticipated that the U.S. economy will continue its moderate recovery in 2013. Domestic
demand is expected to bounce back and the situation in the labor market will brighten. Latin America is also expected to enjoy rapid growth again in 2013. It is likely to benefit from the gradual improvement in the global economic outlook as well as
from the less stringent monetary policies applied by some governments. 2) Unless otherwise indicated, all economic information in this section is based on information from the European Central Bank (ECB). 63 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 In the Asia-Pacific-Japan (APJ) region, the Japanese economy is expected to continue to recover gradually
in 2013, helped by rising global demand. China and other emerging economies will likewise see stronger markets, supported by stable domestic spending, various stimulus measures, and improving conditions for exporters. IT Market: The Outlook for 2013 The
global IT market is expected to continue to expand in 2013 at about the same pace as in the previous year, according to IDC, outpacing growth in the global economy. Markets for PCs, servers, and IT services are expected to grow more strongly in 2013
than in 2012, and software spending is likely to remain stable. The IT market, like the economy, is expected to expand more in the emerging countries than in the industrialized countries. Because the economy of the euro area is expected to be sluggish, in 2013 the IT market in the EMEA region is expected to grow relatively slowly in comparison with the world IT market but to outperform the
region’s economy as a whole once again. Expectations for the IT services segment in the EMEA region are modest, while software revenues are likely to outperform the IT market average. The economic crisis in Europe is expected to have an effect in the Americas region in 2013 as well, and again impair growth in the market for IT. But growth rates in the market for IT are expected to
still be higher in the Americas region than elsewhere. The U.S. IT market is expected to recover in 2013 and to achieve high single-digit percentage growth, driven by an upswing in the PC market and a continuing high level of demand for smartphones
and software. IT spending in the APJ region is expected to grow at a noticeably slower pace in 2013 than in 2012, but still faster than the
economy as a whole. The IT market in Japan is expected to reach just positive growth rates, although the hardware segment is expected to contract by a percentage in the lower single-digit range. Spending on software, on the other hand, is expected
to increase at a similar pace as in 2012, while spending on IT services is expected to grow more strongly. Growth in IT spending in China is expected to continue to slow in 2013. The software and services segments are expected to expand slightly
quicker than in 2012. Impact on SAP SAP expects to outperform the global economy and IT industry again in 2013. Thanks to the innovation strategy we have put in place and our clear customer focus, we are confident we can achieve the targets
we have set short-term for 2013 and medium-term for 2015 – as long as the economic environment and IT industry develop as currently forecast. Diversified in terms of regions as well as industries, we are well positioned to absorb the occasional
minor fluctuation in the global economy and IT market. A comparison of our planned performance with forecasts for the global economy and IT
industry shows that with our five market categories – Applications, Analytics, Cloud, Mobile, and Database and Technology – we are successful in a tough economic environment. Our market, and thus the demands of our customers, are changing
rapidly. We anticipated these changes at an early date, and realigned our business with our innovation strategy in time to meet the needs of our customers. In addition, SAP will continue to invest in countries in which we expect significant growth
and we aim to expand our market share in those countries. Such countries include Brazil, China, India, Russia, as well as countries in Africa and the Middle East. We therefore expect to see further future growth potential helping us to reach our
ambitious 2013 outlook and medium-term aspirations for 2015. For more information, see the Operational Targets for 2013 (Non-IFRS) section. Forecast for SAP Strategy for
Profitable Growth SAP seeks profitable growth across its portfolio of products and services. Our goal is to double our addressable
market to US$230 billion and increase the number of people who use and benefit from SAP solutions to one billion by 2015. Our ability to deliver software-based innovation and value in target growth areas of applications, analytics, mobile, cloud,
and database and technology, positions us favorably in segments of the enterprise market that offer a higher growth potential than is forecast for the overall IT market, or indeed the global gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates. SAP continues
to invest and increase its presence and market share in countries experiencing higher than average growth, such as Brazil, China, India, and Russia, and in the Middle East and Africa. 64 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 SAP’s continued growth depends on our ability to deliver innovative solutions to market and drive
ongoing value for our customers. We continue to improve our research and development effectiveness, working in leaner teams to accelerate innovation cycles and engage more closely with our customers. We are also investing in our go-to-market
channels to expand capacity and drive greater volume sales, while expanding our technology partner ecosystem to foster co-innovation as a force multiplier for creating additional business value for our customers. The success of SAP and our customers depends on our people – whom we consider our most important asset. Our employees spark our innovation, deliver
value to our customers, and drive our sustainable growth and profitability. The correlation between our continued business success and our ability to attract, retain, and engage top talent is so strong that the latter is a continuous focus area for
improvement. Therefore, we continue to execute our people strategy to set us apart in vital areas such as leadership development, career advancement, workforce diversity, and human resources processes. These areas drive our employees to be at their
very best. This high level of performance is essential if we are to realize our ambitious growth strategy and further enhance our ability to innovate. Go-to-Market Investment Delivers Customer Value SAP goes to market by region,
customer segment, and industry. In each region, we concentrate our sales efforts on the fastest-growing markets with the most business and revenue potential. We evolve and invest in our go-to-market coverage model to effectively sell
industry-specific solutions while increasing our engagement with customers in line-of-business functions (for example, human resources, sales, and marketing) and users of analytics. We continue to provide companies of any size – small, midsize,
and large – with choice-offering new software solution options that align to their specific budgetary, resource, and deployment requirements. Greater Volume and Co-Innovation Through an Open Ecosystem SAP continues to engage
an expanding partner ecosystem to increase market coverage, enhance our solutions portfolio, and spur innovation. SAP and its vibrant partner ecosystem offer greater choice and business value through the power of co-innovation, appealing to customers that want to
avoid being “locked in” to a single vendor. SAP channel partners offer customers knowledgeable local delivery of solutions across industries and lines of business. SAP technology partners continue to drive our research agenda, enhance the
SAP solution portfolio, and monetize new technology breakthroughs. Organic Growth and Targeted Acquisitions Organic growth remains the primary driver of SAP’s strategy. We continue to invest in our own product development and technology innovation,
improving the speed, number of projects, and innovations brought to market. Our open ecosystem strategy enables us to better leverage our innovation by extending it to our partners to drive additional customer value, based on their own domain
expertise. Also, we intend to continue to acquire targeted, strategic, and “fill-in” technology to add to our broad solution offerings and improve our coverage in key strategic markets to best support our customers’ needs. From time
to time we also consider larger acquisitions that expand our business into new markets. On that front, we will be concentrating on successfully integrating SuccessFactors and Ariba with the goal of accelerating our cloud business in 2013 and beyond. Operational Targets for 2013 (Non-IFRS) Revenue and Operating Profit Outlook The Executive Board is providing the
following outlook for the full year 2013 from today’s perspective: • The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS software and cloud subscription revenue to increase in a range of 14% to 20% at constant currencies (2012:
€5.00 billion). The full year 2013 non-IFRS cloud subscription and support revenue contributing to this growth is expected to be around €750 million at constant currencies (2012: €343 million). 65 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 • The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS software and software-related service revenue to increase in a range of 11% to 13% at constant currencies
(2012: €13.25 billion). • The Company expects full-year 2013 non-IFRS operating profit to be in a range of €5.85 billion to €5.95 billion at constant currencies (2012:
€5.21 billion). • The Company projects a full-year 2013 IFRS effective tax rate of 25.5% to 26.5% (2012: 26.2%) and a non-IFRS effective tax rate of 27.0% to 28.0%
(2012: 27.5%). We expect our professional services and other service revenue to grow in the low single-digit percentages
range. But we also believe that the anticipated rise in software and software-related service revenue will bring about a significant increase in total revenue in 2013. We expect that total revenue (non-IFRS) will continue to depend largely on the revenues from the On-Premise Products segment. The expected growth in revenue from this segment, however, is below the
outlook provided for software and cloud subscription revenue (non-IFRS). Keeping in line with the growth rate for professional services and other service revenue, we do not expect to see strong growth in the On-Premise Services segment. Looking at our above forecast for cloud subscriptions and support revenue (non-IFRS, at constant currencies), we anticipate a similar level of growth for
segment revenues in the Cloud division (combining the Cloud Applications and Ariba segments). Particularly strong growth results are expected in the Ariba segment, since we only began including Ariba figures in the 2012 segment revenues at the
beginning of the fourth quarter following the first consolidation. We expect an increase in segment profit in our On-Premise division with
the On-Premise Products segment profit growing faster than the On-Premise Services segment which is expected to only experience a slight profit improvement. The Cloud division is expected to achieve, for the first time, a positive segment profit
resulting from a reduced segment loss in the cloud application segment and a strong increase in the Ariba segment profit. We expect that
software revenue from SAP HANA will range between €650 million to €700 million (2012: €392 million) in 2013. We present the following
reconciliation from our 2012 IFRS software and cloud subscription revenue, IFRS software and software-related service revenue, IFRS total revenue, and IFRS operating profit to the non-IFRS equivalents to facilitate comparison between IFRS financial
measures and the non-IFRS financial measures in our 2013 outlook: Reconciliations of IFRS to Non-IFRS Financial Measures for 2012 € millions, unless otherwise stated IFRS Financial Measure Support Revenue Not Recorded Under IFRS Operating Expenses ( 1) Discontinued Activities ( 3) Non-IFRS Financial Measure Software and cloud subscription revenue 4,928 73 n.a. n.a. 5,001 Software and software-related service revenue 13,165 81 n.a. n.a. 13,246 Total revenue ( 2) 16,223 81 n.a. n.a. 16,304 Operating profit ( 2) 4,065 81 1,067 0 5,214 ( 1) Included in operating expenses are acquisition-related charges, share-based payment expenses, and restructuring charges. ( 2) These financial measures are the numerator or the denominator in the calculation of our IFRS and non-IFRS operating margin, and are included in this
table for transparency. ( 3) The discontinued activities include the results of our discontinued TomorrowNow business. 66 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Non-IFRS Measures € millions Estimated Amounts for 2013 Actual Amounts for 2012 Deferred revenue write-down 65 to 75 81 Discontinued activities <10 0 Share-based payment expenses 500 to 540 522 Acquisition-related charges 510 to 530 537 Restructuring charges 25 to 30 8 Goals for Liquidity and Finance We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn credit facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating financing needs in 2013 and, together with expected cash flows from operations,
will support our currently planned capital expenditure requirements over the near term and medium term. We intend to reduce our financial
debt as and when the debt falls due. We will consider issuing new debt, such as bonds or U.S. private placements, on an as-needed basis only and if market conditions are advantageous. We currently have no concrete plans for future share buybacks. Investment Goals Excepting acquisitions, our planned capital expenditures for 2013 and 2014 can be covered in full by operating cash flow and will chiefly be spent on
increasing data center capacity in our locations in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, United States, and St. Leon-Rot, Germany, and on renovating our office building in Vancouver, Canada, with a planned investment of approximately €59 million. As part of our growth and innovation strategy, we plan to spend around US$2 billion in China by 2015. This demonstrates our long-term
strategic commitment to China, the world’s second-largest economy. SAP continues to invest and increase its presence and market share in countries experiencing high growth. Proposed Dividend We plan to continue our dividend policy, which is that the
payout ratio should be more than 30%. Premises on Which Our Outlook Is Based In preparing our outlook, we have taken into account all events known to us at the time we prepared this report that could influence SAP’s business
going forward. Among the premises on which this outlook is based are those presented concerning the economy and our expectation that we will
not benefit from any effects in 2013 from a major acquisition. Medium-Term Prospects We expect our business, our revenue, and our profit to grow, assuming there is a sustained recovery in the global economy. Our strategic objectives are
focused on the following targets: Increasing customer success, employee motivation, software and software-related service revenue, and our operating profit through greater efficiency and employee productivity by utilizing lean and design-thinking
principles. From today’s perspective, we are aiming to increase our total revenue to more than €20 billion by 2015. In the
same period, we aim to widen our non-IFRS operating margin to 35%. To achieve these goals, we want to further strengthen our position in our
five market categories and have one billion users by 2015. • We want to extend our leadership in the applications segment. • We want to extend our market share in analytics. • We want to extend our leadership in mobile computing. 67 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 • We want to become a profitable market leader in cloud computing, generating around €2 billion total revenue in this segment by 2015. Our plan is for indirect sales (partner revenue) to contribute up to 40% of software revenue by 2015. In addition to our financial goals, we are focusing on two non-financial targets: Customer success and employee engagement. We believe it is essential
that our employees are engaged, drive our success, and support our strategy. Therefore, we plan to increase our employee engagement index score to 82% by 2015 (2012: 79%). In addition, we can only be successful if our customers are successful. Their
satisfaction with the solutions we offer them builds trust in our innovation capabilities. We measure customer loyalty with the Net Promoter Score (NPS). For 2013, we have set a target for increasing the NPS by 8 percentage points (2012: 8.9%).
As we have been measuring our NPS since 2012 only, we have not yet defined a target for 2015. SAP’s vision to help the world run better
and improve people’s lives comes to life in product innovation that drives business value for our customers. By delivering on our product road map, SAP is powering a market-wide transformation in how people and organizations work together and
run better. Building on a track record of innovation, SAP is again at the forefront of a major shift in the IT sector, away from commoditized hardware and lower value services, toward renewed investment in differentiating IT – business software
that drives efficiency and business transformation. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview Global Financial
Management We use global centralized financial management to control liquid assets and monitor exposure to interest rates and
currencies. The primary aim of our financial management is to maintain liquidity in the Group at a level that is adequate to meet our obligations. Most SAP companies have their liquidity managed by the Group, so that liquid assets across the Group
can be consolidated, monitored, and invested in accordance with Group policy. High levels of liquid assets help keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. In addition, various credit facilities are currently available for additional liquidity, if required. For more information about these facilities, see the Credit
Facilities section. We manage credit, liquidity, interest rate, equity price, and foreign exchange rate risks on a Group-wide basis. We use
selected derivatives exclusively for this purpose and not for speculation, which is defined as entering into a derivative instrument for which we do not have a corresponding underlying transaction. The rules for the use of derivatives and other
rules and processes concerning the management of financial risks are collected in our treasury guideline document, which applies globally to all companies in the Group. For more information about the management of each financial risk and about our
risk exposure, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Notes (24) to (26). Liquidity Management Our primary source of cash, cash equivalents, and current investments is funds generated from our business operations. Over the past
several years, our principal use of cash has been to support operations and our capital expenditure requirements resulting from our growth, to acquire businesses, to pay dividends on our shares, and to buy back SAP shares on the open market. On
December 31, 2012, our cash, cash equivalents, and current investments were primarily held in euros and U.S. dollars. We generally invest only in the financial assets of issuers or funds with a minimum credit rating of BBB, and pursue a policy
of cautious investment characterized by wide portfolio diversification with a variety of counterparties, predominantly short-term investments, and standard investment instruments. We rarely invest in the financial assets of issuers with a credit
rating lower than BBB, and such investments were not material in 2012. We believe that our liquid assets combined with our undrawn credit
facilities are sufficient to meet our present operating needs and, together with expected cash flows from operations, will support our currently planned capital expenditure requirements over the near term and medium term. It may also be necessary to
enter into financing transactions when additional funds are required that cannot be wholly sourced from free cash flow (for example, to finance large acquisitions). 68 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 The persistently strong free cash flow of recent years enabled us to pay back additional debts within a
short period of time. Furthermore, a balanced maturity profile prevents repayment peaks from occurring in any particular year. To expand our
business, we have made acquisitions of businesses, products, and technologies. For more information about our financial debt, mainly in connection with the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba, see the Cash Flows and Liquidity section. Depending
on our future cash position and future market conditions, we might issue additional debt instruments to fund acquisitions, maintain financial flexibility, and limit repayment risk. Therefore, we continuously monitor funding options available in the
capital markets and trends in the availability of funds, as well as the cost of such funding. Capital Structure Management The primary objective of our capital structure management is to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to support the growth of our business. We seek to maintain a capital structure that will allow us to cover our funding requirements
through the capital markets at reasonable conditions, and in doing so, ensure a high level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility. We currently do not have a credit rating with any agency. We do not believe that a rating would have a substantial effect on our borrowing conditions and financing options. Our general intention is to remain in a position to return excess liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends and repurchasing shares.
The amount of future dividends and the extent of future purchases of treasury shares are closely aligned to the development of our liquid assets and further liquidity planning. Capital Structure 2012 2011 % Change € millions % of Equity 
and liabilities € millions %
of Equity and liabilities Equity 14,171 53 12,707 55 12 Current liabilities 6,641 25 6,266 27 6 Non-current liabilities 6,023 22 4,254 18 42 Liabilities 12,664 47 10,520 45 20 Equity and liabilities 26,835 100 23,227 100 16 In 2012, we took out short-term bank loans to finance the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba.
Additionally, we issued a two-tranche Eurobond and a U.S. private placement consisting of several tranches with maturities of three to 15 years which further optimized and extended our existing maturity profile. We used inflows from the newly
issued bonds and private placement to repay the short-term bank loans. These financing activities changed our debt ratio (defined as the
ratio of total liabilities to equity and liabilities) to 47% at the end of 2012 (as compared to 45% at the end of 2011). These financing activities were partially offset by the operating cash flow in 2012. As far as financing activities in 2013 are concerned, a €600 million bond that will mature in August 2013 is intended to be repaid. We currently do not plan to refinance this bond at maturity. Total liabilities on December 31, 2012, mainly comprised financial liabilities of €5,248 million (of which €4,446 million are
non-current). Financial liabilities on December 31, 2012, consisted largely of financial debt, which included amounts in euros (€2,986 million) and U.S. dollars (€2,008 million). Financial debt is held at fixed interest rates
only. For more information about financial liabilities, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17). 69 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Cash Flows and Liquidity Group liquidity on December 31, 2012, primarily comprised amounts in U.S. dollars (€941 million) and euros (€473 million). Current investments are included in other financial assets in the
statement of financial position. Bank loans, private placement transactions, and bonds are included within financial liabilities in the statement of financial position. Analysis of Net Liquidity € millions 2012 2011 Change Cash and cash equivalents 2,477 4,965 –2,488 Current investments 15 636 –621 Group liquidity 2,492 5,601 – 3,109 Current bank loans 0 101 –101 Current private placement transaction 0 423 –423 Current bond 600 600 0 Net liquidity 1 1,892 4,477 – 2,585 Non-current bank loans 0 1 –1 Non-current private placement transaction 2,094 1,240 854 Non-current bond 2,300 1,600 700 Net liquidity 2 – 2,502 1,636 – 4,138 Group liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents (for example, cash at banks, money market funds, and
time deposits with original maturity of three months or less) and current investments (for example, investments with original maturities of greater than three months and remaining maturities of less than one year) as reported in our IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements. Total financial debt consists of current financial liabilities (for example, overdrafts, current bank
loans, bonds or private placements) and non-current financial liabilities (for example, bonds, or private placements) as reported in our IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information about our financial debt, see the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (17). Net liquidity is Group liquidity less total financial debt as defined above. Net
liquidity should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, cash and cash equivalents, other financial assets, and financial liabilities included in our IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements. The decrease in Group liquidity from 2011 was mainly due to cash outflows for the acquisition of SuccessFactors and Ariba, as well as
dividend payments, which were partly offset by positive cash inflows from our operations. 70 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 For information about the impact of cash, cash equivalents, current investments, and our financial
liabilities on our income statements, see the analysis of our finance income, net, in the Operating Results (IFRS) section. Analysis of Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, Change in % 2012 vs. 2011 Change in % 2011 vs. 2010 € millions 2012 2011 2010 Net cash flows from operating activities 3,822 3,775 2,922 1 29 Net cash flows from investing activities –5,964 –1,226 –3,994 >100 –69 Net cash flows from financing activities –194 –1,176 2,520 –84 <–100 Analysis of Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow: 2012 compared to 2011 Net cash provided by operating activities increased slightly by €47 million or 1% to €3,822 million in 2012 (2011: €3,775
million). In 2012, days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as average number of days from the raised invoice to cash receipt from the customer, was 59 days, a one-day decrease compared to 2011 (60 days). Cash outflows from investment activities totaled €5,964 million in 2012, much increased from the 2011 figure of €1,226 million. In 2012,
cash outflows were mainly driven by acquisitions of consolidated companies such as SuccessFactors and Ariba, for which we paid €6,094 million in total. For more information about current and planned capital expenditures, see the Assets and
Investment Goals sections. In contrast, the 2011 figure was mainly driven by investments in time deposits and German government bonds. Cash
outflows from financing activities totaled €194 million in 2012, compared to €1,176 million in 2011. In 2012, cash inflows were mainly driven by a successfully placed two-tranche Eurobond transaction totaling €1.3 billion
and a U.S. private placement transaction of US$1.4 billion consisting of several tranches. This was partly offset by repayments of a Eurobond tranche (€600 million) and several tranches (€611 million) of the promissory notes we issued
in 2009. In the previous year, cash outflows were driven mainly by repayments of a credit facility we drew on in connection with our acquisition of Sybase. The increase in total dividends paid to €1,310 million was due to an
increase in the dividend from €0.60 per share in the previous year to €1.10 per share, of which €0.35 per share was an extraordinary payout to celebrate our 40 th anniversary in the reporting year (total dividend payout in 2011: €713 million). In 2012, we repurchased shares
in the amount of €53 million (2011: €246 million) in connection with our share-based payments. Analysis of Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flow: 2011 Compared to 2010 Net cash provided by operating activities improved €853 million or 29% to
€3,775 million in 2011 (2010: €2,922 million). The year’s good sales figures were the factor with the greatest effect on operating cash flow in 2011. By effective management of working capital, we were again able to reduce the
days’ sales outstanding (DSO) for receivables, defined as average number of days from revenue recognition to cash receipt from the customer. In 2011, we reduced DSO by five days to 60 days (2010: 65 days). Cash outflows from investment activities totaled €1,226 million in 2011, much reduced from the 2010 figure of €3,994 million. In 2011,
cash outflows were mainly driven by investments in time deposits and German government bonds, and also by our business and infrastructure following the acquisition of tangible and intangible assets. In 2011, we paid €188 million for the
acquisition of consolidated companies compared to €4,194 million in 2010. Much of the 2010 outflow was attributable to the purchase price paid for the acquisition of Sybase. 71 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 Cash outflows from financing activities totaled €1,176 million in 2011, compared to cash inflows
of €2,520 million in 2010. Our 2011 cash outflows were mainly due to the repayment of a credit facility we entered into in connection with our acquisition of Sybase. This was partly offset by a private placement completed in the United
States on June 1, 2011, which led to a cash inflow of US$750 million. In the previous year, cash inflows were driven mainly by the incoming payments from our financing activities related to the acquisition of Sybase. The increase in total dividend to €713 million was due to an increase in the dividend paid from €0.50 per share in the previous year
to €0.60 in the reporting year (total dividend payout in 2010: €594 million). In 2011, we repurchased shares for treasury in the amount of €246 million (2010: €220 million). Credit Facilities Other sources of
capital are available to us through various credit facilities, if required. We are party to a revolving €1.5 billion syndicated credit
facility agreement with an initial term of five years ending in December 2015. The use of the facility is not restricted by any financial covenants. Potential proceeds are for general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the facility bear interest
at the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) for the respective currency plus a margin ranging from 0.45% to 0.75% that depends on the amount drawn. We pay a commitment fee of 0.1575% per annum on unused amounts of the available credit facility. So far, we have not used and do
not currently foresee any need to use this credit facility. As at December 31, 2012, SAP AG had additional available credit facilities
totaling approximately €489 million. As at December 31, 2012, there were no borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. Several of our foreign subsidiaries have credit facilities available that allow them to borrow funds in their
local currencies at prevailing interest rates, generally to the extent SAP AG has guaranteed such amounts. As at December 31, 2012, approximately €48 million was available through such arrangements. There were no borrowings
outstanding under these credit facilities from any of our foreign subsidiaries as at December 31, 2012. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Several SAP entities have entered into operating leases for office space, hardware, cars and certain other equipment. These arrangements are sometimes referred to as a form of off-balance sheet financing.
Rental expenses under these operating leases are set forth below under “Contractual Obligations.” We believe we do not have forms of material off-balance sheet arrangements that would require disclosure other than those already disclosed. 72 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS The table below presents our on- and off-balance sheet contractual obligations as of December 31, 2012: Contractual obligations Payments due by period € millions Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Debt obligations (1) 5,885 881 1,599 1,457 1,948 Other non-current obligations on the statement of financial position (2) 98 3 9 3 83 Operating lease obligations (3) 923 238 356 171 158 Purchase obligations (3) 588 317 144 74 53 Total 7,494 1,439 2,108 1,705 2,242 (1) This represents bank loans, private placement transactions, bonds, other financial liabilities and interest thereon. (2) Amounts mainly consist of employee-related liabilities. Not included in the table are non-current tax liabilities of €388 million, which
include provisions for uncertainties in income taxes. (3) See Note (22) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about operating lease and purchase obligations. Our expected
contributions to our pension and other post employment benefit plans are not included in the table above. We expect to contribute in 2013 statutory minimum and discretionary amounts of €1 million to our German defined benefit plans and
€16 million to our foreign defined benefit plans, all of which are expected to be paid as cash contributions. Our contributions to our German and foreign defined contribution plans have ranged from €136 million to
€173 million in 2010 through 2012; we expect similar contributions to be made in 2013. We expect to meet these contractual obligations with our existing cash, our cash flows from operations and
our financing activities. The timing of payments for the above contractual obligations is based on payment schedules for those obligations where set payments exist. For other obligations with no set payment schedules, estimates as to the most likely
timing of cash payments have been made. The ultimate timing of these future cash flows may differ from these estimates. Obligations under
Indemnifications and Guarantees Our software license agreements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against
liabilities if our software products infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. In addition, we occasionally provide function or performance guarantees in routine consulting contracts and development arrangements. We also generally
provide a six to twelve month warranty on our software. Our warranty liability is included in other provisions. For more information on other provisions see Note (18b) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information on
obligations and contingent liabilities refer to Note (3) and Note (22) in our Consolidated Financial Statements. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT For information on our R&D activities see “Item 4. Information about SAP – Research and Development.” For information on our R&D
costs see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Operating Results” and for information related to our R&D employees see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Employees.” CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared based on the accounting policies described in Note (3) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. The application of such policies
requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We base our judgments,
estimates and assumptions on historical and forecast information, as well as regional and industry economic conditions in which we or our customers operate, changes to which could adversely affect our estimates. Although we believe we have made
reasonable estimates about the ultimate resolution of the 73 Table of Contents Part I Item 5 underlying uncertainties, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual
results could differ from original estimates. The accounting policies that most frequently require us to make judgments, estimates, and
assumptions, and therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, include the following: • revenue recognition; • valuation of trade receivables; • accounting for share-based payment; • accounting for income tax; • accounting for business combinations; • subsequent accounting for goodwill and other intangibles; • accounting for legal contingencies; and • recognition of internally generated intangible assets from development. Our management periodically discusses these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. See Note (3c) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further
discussion on our critical accounting estimates and critical accounting policies. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT
YET ADOPTED See Note (3e) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for our discussion on new accounting standards not yet adopted. 74 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES SUPERVISORY BOARD The current members of the Supervisory Board of SAP AG, each member’s principal occupation, the year in which each was first elected and the year in which the term of each expires, respectively, are
as follows: Name Age Principal Occupation Year First Elected Year Term Expires Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner, Chairman (1)(2)(5)(6)(7)(10) 69 Chairman of the Supervisory Board 2003 2017 Pekka Ala-Pietilä (1)(6)(7)(10) 56 Chairman of the Board of Directors, SolidiumOy 2002 2017 Prof. Anja Feldmann (1)(6) 47 Professor at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Faculty at the Technische Universität Berlin 2012 2017 Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann (1)(2)(4)(10) 62 Attorney at Law, Certified Public Auditor and Certified Tax Advisor; HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft, Rechtsanwälte, Steuerberater, Wirtschaftsprüfer 1988 2017 Bernard Liautaud (1)(2)(6)(7) 50 General Partner, Balderton Capital 2008 2017 Dr. h.c. Hartmut Mehdorn (1)(4)(5) 70 Independent Management Consultant 1998 2017 Dr. Erhard Schipporeit (1)(3)(9)(10) 64 Independent Management Consultant 2005 2017 Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Klaus Wucherer (1)(3)(6) 68 Managing Director of Dr. Klaus Wucherer Innovations- und Technologieberatung GmbH 2007 2017 Christiane Kuntz-Mayr, Vice Chairperson (2)(5)(8)(10) 50 Employee, Deputy Chairperson of the Works Council of SAP AG 2009 2017 Panagiotis Bissiritsas (2)(4)(8) 44 Employee, Support Expert 2007 2017 Margret Klein-Magar (2)(8)(10) 48 Employee, Vice President SAP Transformation 2012 2017 Lars Lamadé (2)(8)(10) 41 Employee, Project Manager OPD COO 2002 2017 Dr. Kurt Reiner (4)(6)(8) 54 Employee, Development Expert 2012 2017 Mario Rosa-Bian (5)(6)(8) 56 Employee, Project Principal Consultant 2012 2017 Stefan Schulz (3)6)(8) 43 Employee, Development Manager 2002 2017 Inga Wiele (3)(6)(8) 42 Employee, Senior Internal Strategic Consultant 2012 2017 (1) Elected by SAP AG’s shareholders on May 23, 2012. (2) Member of the General and Compensation Committee. (3) Member of the Audit Committee. (4) Member of the Finance and Investment Committee. (5) Member of the Mediation Committee. (6) Member of the Technology and Strategy Committee. (7) Member of the Nomination Committee. (8) Elected by SAP AG’s employees on April 25, 2012. (9) Audit Committee financial expert. (10) Member of the Special Committee. 75 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 For detailed information on the Supervisory Board committees and their tasks, including the Audit Committee
and the General and Compensation Committee, please refer to “Item 10 Additional Information – Corporate Governance.” Pursuant
to the German Co-determination Act of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), members of the Supervisory Board of SAP AG consist of eight representatives of the shareholders and eight representatives of the employees. Of the eight employee representatives, two
must be nominated by the trade unions. The elected employees must be at least 18 years of age and must have been in the employment of SAP AG or one of its German subsidiaries for at least one year. They must also fulfill the other qualifications for
election codified in Section 8 of the German Works Council Constitution Act. These qualifications include, among other things, not having been declared ineligible or debarred from holding public office by a court. Certain current members of the Supervisory Board of SAP AG were members of supervisory boards and comparable governing bodies of enterprises other than
SAP AG in Germany and other countries as of December 31, 2012. See Note (29) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail. Apart from pension obligations towards employees, SAP AG has not entered into contracts with any member
of the Supervisory Board that provide for benefits upon a termination of the employment or service of the member. EXECUTIVE BOARD The current members of the Executive Board, the year in which each member was first appointed and the year in which the term of each expires, respectively, are as follows: Name Year First Appointed Year Current Term Expires Bill McDermott, Co-CEO 2008 2017 Jim Hagemann Snabe, Co-CEO 2008 2017 Dr. Werner Brandt 2001 2014 Lars Dalgaard 2012 2015 Luisa Deplazes Delgado 2012 2015 Gerhard Oswald 1996 2014 Dr. Vishal Sikka 2010 2017 The following changes occurred in the Executive Board in 2012: • In April 2012, Lars Dalgaard became a member of the Executive Board. • In September 2012, Luisa Deplazes Delgado became a member of the Executive Board. A description of the management responsibilities and backgrounds of the current members of the Executive Board are as follows: Bill McDermott, Co-CEO (Vorstandssprecher), 51 years old, holds a master’s degree in business administration from Northwestern
University’s Kellogg School of Management. He joined SAP in 2002 and became a member of the Executive Board on July 1, 2008. On February 7, 2010 he became Co-CEO alongside Jim Hagemann Snabe. Besides the duties as Co-CEO, he is
responsible for strategy and business development, corporate development, marketing, communications, corporate audit, board governance, sustainability, solutions, global sales and global partner and channel management. Prior to joining SAP, he
served as a global executive in several technology companies. Jim Hagemann Snabe, Co-CEO (Vorstandssprecher), 47 years old, holds a
master’s degree in operational research. He joined SAP in 1990 and became a member of the Executive Board on July 1, 2008. On February 7, 2010 he became Co-CEO alongside Bill McDermott. Besides the duties as Co-CEO, he is responsible
for strategy and business development, corporate development, marketing, communications, corporate audit, board governance, sustainability, solutions, global R&D portfolio, processes, and IT. Werner Brandt , 59 years old, business administration graduate. Werner Brandt joined SAP in early 2001 as the Chief Financial Officer and member of
the Executive Board. He is responsible for finance and administration including investor relations and data protection and privacy. Prior to joining SAP, Werner Brandt was CFO and member of the Executive Board of Fresenius Medical Care AG since
1999. In this role, he was also responsible for labor relations. Before joining Fresenius Medical Care AG, Werner Brandt headed the finance function of the European operations of Baxter International Inc. 76 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 Lars Dalgaard , 45 years old, holds a master’s degree from Stanford Graduate School of Business
and a Bsc. (Ha) from Copenhagen Business School. Lars is CEO of SuccessFactors, the company he founded in 2001 which went public in 2007, and joined SAP in 2012 when SAP acquired SuccessFactors. He became a member of SAP’s Executive Board on
April 12, 2012. Lars is responsible for SAP’s cloud business including strategy, product development, and all go-to-market related capabilities. Luisa Deplazes Delgado , 46 years old, holds a master’s degree in law from the University of London’s King’s College and London School of Economics and a licence en droit from the
University of Geneva. On September 1, 2012 Luisa joined SAP as the Chief Human Resources Officer and member of the Executive Board. She also serves as Labor Relations Director of SAP AG. She is responsible for all human resources activities at
SAP globally. Prior to joining SAP, she spent 22 years with Procter and Gamble, the last five as CEO of Procter and Gamble Nordic based in Stockholm, Sweden, previously as VP of HR for Western Europe based in Geneva, Switzerland, and before in
diverse roles in Belgium, UK, and Portugal. Gerhard Oswald , 59 years old, economics graduate. Gerhard Oswald joined SAP in 1981 and
became a member of the Executive Board in 1996. He is responsible for the On Premise Delivery Board area including application development, installed base maintenance and support, end to end services, active global support, and onpremise delivery
COO. Vishal Sikka , 45 years old, holds a PH. D. degree in computer science from Stanford University. He joined SAP in 2002 and became
a member of the Executive Board on February 7, 2010 leading technology and innovation. He is responsible for technology and platform products development including SAP HANA, analytics, mobile, application platform and middleware, as well as SAP
Research, SAP Labs Network and SAP Ventures. Before joining the Executive Board, he has been the first Chief Technology Officer at SAP since 2007, and prior to that was SAP’s Chief Software Architect. Before joining SAP, he was area vice
president for platform technologies at Peregrine Systems, and prior to that he founded and led two start-ups – Bodha, Inc. and IBrain Software. The members of the Executive Board of SAP AG as of December 31, 2012 that are members on other supervisory boards and comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than SAP, in Germany and other countries, are set forth in Note (29) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. SAP AG has not entered into contracts
with any member of the Executive Board that provide for benefits upon a termination of the employment of service of the member, apart from pensions, benefits payable in the event of an early termination of service, and abstention compensation for
the postcontractual noncompete period. To our knowledge, there are no family relationships among the Supervisory Board and Executive Board
members. COMPENSATION REPORT Compensation for Executive and Supervisory Board Members This compensation report
outlines the criteria that we applied for the year 2012 to determine compensation for Executive Board and Supervisory Board members, discloses the amount of compensation paid, and describes the compensation systems. It also contains information
about Executive Board members’ share-based payment plans, shares held by Executive Board and Supervisory Board members, and the directors’ dealings required to be disclosed in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act. Compensation for Executive Board Members Compensation System for 2012 Executive Board members’ compensation for 2012 is intended to reflect SAP’s size and global presence as well as our economic and financial
standing. The compensation level is internationally competitive to reward committed, successful work in a dynamic environment. The Executive
Board compensation package is performance-based. In 2012, it had three elements: • A fixed annual salary • A variable short-term incentive (STI) plan to reward performance in the plan year • A Restricted Share Unit-based long-term incentive (LTI) plan tied to the price of SAP shares (RSU Milestone Plan 2015) 77 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 The Supervisory Board set a compensation target for the sum of the fixed and the variable elements. It
reviews, and if appropriate revises, this compensation target every year. The review takes into account SAP’s business performance and the compensation paid to board members at comparable companies on the international stage. The amount of
variable compensation depends on SAP’s performance against performance targets that the Supervisory Board sets for each plan year. The performance targets are key performance indicator (KPI) values aligned to the SAP budget for the plan year. The following criteria apply to the elements of Executive Board compensation for 2012: • The fixed element is paid as a monthly salary. • The variable compensation under the STI 2012 plan depends on the SAP Group’s performance against the KPI target values for constant currency
software revenue growth and non-IFRS constant currency operating margin as well as non-IFRS constant currency cloud subscription and support revenue. In addition, the STI element has a discretionary component that allows the Supervisory Board, at
the end of the period in question, to address not only an Executive Board member’s individual performance, but also SAP’s performance in terms of market position, innovative power, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, and
attractiveness as an employer. Moreover, if there has been any extraordinary and unforeseeable event the Supervisory Board can, at its reasonable discretion, retroactively adjust payouts up or down in the interest of SAP. On February 14, 2013,
the Supervisory Board assessed SAP’s performance against the agreed targets and determined the amount of STI payable. The STI pays out after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2013. • The long-term incentive element is called the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. “RSU” stands for “restricted share unit.” This four-year
plan focuses on the SAP share price and on certain objectives derived from our Company strategy for the years through 2015. For each of the four years, the members of the Executive Board are allocated a certain number of SAP RSUs for the respective
year based on a budget amount that was granted and paid out to each Executive Board member in 2012 already for the years 2012 through 2015. The number of RSUs allocated to each member for a given year is his or her target amount (an amount in euros)
for that year divided by the SAP share price over a reference period (defined in the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 terms) at the beginning of the year in question. If the Executive Board member leaves
before the end of a financial year, the RSUs for the respective year as well as the subsequent years are forfeited. • The number of RSUs an Executive Board member actually earns in respect of a given year could be greater or smaller than the initial allocation. It
depends on Company performance against the objectives for that year (a year is a “performance period” in the plan). The objectives derive from SAP’s strategy for the period to 2015. The plan objectives relate to two key performance
indicators (KPIs): Our non-IFRS total revenue and our non-IFRS operating profit. The KPI targets have already been set for the entire life of the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 for the years 2012 to 2015 and will merely be adjusted for the effects of key
acquisitions. • After the end of each fiscal year, the Supervisory Board assesses the Company’s performance against the objectives set for that year and
determines the number of RSUs to be finally allocated to (and which then vest in) each Executive Board member. There are objective-based performance hurdles to clear each year before any RSUs can vest. There is also a cap: Normally, the quantity of
vested RSUs a member can attain in respect of a plan year is capped at 150% of his or her initial RSU allocation for that year. • The Company strategy underlying the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 focuses on where SAP aims to be by 2015, so the plan gives greater weight to performance
against the KPI targets for 2015 (the final year of the plan) than against the targets for 2012 through 2014. After the end of 2015, the number of vested RSUs a member of the Executive Board actually receives for that year is revised. In
circumstances where the targets for the individual years are not achieved but the 2015 targets are achieved, the outcome of this revision would be that a member would receive as many vested RSUs for 2015 as would make up for any that he or she did
not receive in the earlier years by reason of failure to achieve targets. On the other hand, if the Company underachieves against the 2015 objectives, Executive Board members may in the worst case lose all of the vested RSUs allocated to them for
2015. 78 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 • All vested RSUs are subject to a three-year holding period. The holding period commences at the end of the year for which the RSUs were allocated. The
amount an RSU eventually pays out depends on the SAP share price at the end of the holding period. A member who leaves the Executive Board before the end of the plan retains his or her vested RSUs for completed plan years but does not retain any
allocated but unvested RSUs for the year during which he or she leaves. If a member leaves the Executive Board before the beginning of the subsequent year, no RSUs are finally allocated. • Each vested RSU entitles its holder to a (gross) payout corresponding to the price of one SAP share after the end of the three-year holding period. The
applicable share price is measured over a reference period defined in the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 terms. • Subject to the requirements in the German Stock Corporation Act, section 87 (1), the Supervisory Board is entitled to revise the STI and the LTI in
extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances. • The LTI component consists of the issue of RSUs under the terms of the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. For the terms and details of the RSU Milestone Plan
2015, see the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27). The number of RSUs to be issued to each member of the Executive Board in 2012 by way of long-term incentive was decided by the Supervisory Board on February 16, 2012. The contracts of Executive Board members Bill McDermott, Lars Dalgaard, and Vishal Sikka include clauses that determine the
exchange rates for the translation of euro-denominated compensation into U.S. dollars. In prior years, the Executive Board members were
granted a variable medium-term incentive (MTI) plan to reward performance in the plan year and the two subsequent years. The variable compensation under the MTI 2010 granted for the fiscal year 2010 depends on the SAP Group’s performance over
the three years 2010 to 2012 against the KPI target values for software and software-related service revenue growth and earnings per share (both of which are non-IFRS, constant currency values). In addition, the MTI element has a discretionary
component that is assessed by the Supervisory Board at the end of the plan period. The close of the fiscal year 2012 represents the end of the plan period for the MTI 2010, and therefore the corresponding entitlement under the MTI 2010 is included
in the compensation for the fiscal year 2012. The payment will be due after the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in June 2013. MTI 2011 will pay out in 2014 respectively. Executive Board Members’
Compensation for the Financial Year 2012 € thousands Fixed Elements Performance- Related Elements Compensation for 2012 ( 1) Short-Term and Medium-Term Incentive Elements Long-Term Incentive Element Salary Other ( 2) STI MTI 2010 Share-Based Payment (RSU Milestone Plan 2015) ( 1), ( 3) Bill McDermott (co-CEO) ( 4) 1,203.3 415.9 1,581.5 1,259.6 4,318.4 8,778.7 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 1,150.0 163.8 1,545.7 1,067.6 4,318.4 8,245.5 Dr. Werner Brandt 700.0 26.7 935.5 645.1 1,549.1 3,856.4 Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) ( 6) 528.9 0 690.4 0 1,156.2 2,375.5 Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 233.3 96.4 193.9 0 414.4 938.0 Gerhard Oswald 700.0 16.5 935.5 645.1 1,549.1 3,846.2 Dr. Vishal Sikka ( 5) 733.4 143.9 957.2 635.1 1,549.1 4,018.7 Total 5,248.9 863.2 6,839.7 4,252.5 14,854.7 32,059.0 ( 1) Compensation attributable to Executive Board members for the financial year 2012 including the plan tranche 2012 of LTI 2015 based on the grant value
at time of grant. 79 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 ( 2) Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households, relocation costs, non-recurring payments, use of aircraft, tax ( 3) Fair value at the time of grant. ( 4) Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €53,300;
profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €35,800; MTI 2010: €192,000. ( 5) Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €33,400;
profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €21,700; MTI 2010: €57,200. ( 6) Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2012: €24,900;
profit-sharing bonus for 2012: €15,600. In 2012, in addition to the LTI grant for 2012, Executive Board members have already received the LTI
grants for the years 2013 to 2015, which are dependent on their uninterrupted tenure as Executive Board member in the years in question. Although these allocations are tied to the respective years and thus – from an economic perspective –
represent compensation for the Executive Board members in the respective years, for the purpose of disclosure in the Compensation Report the grants must be included in the total compensation for Executive Board members for the year in which the
grants were allocated pursuant to section 314 of the German Commercial Code. Vesting of a plan tranche is dependent on the respective Executive Board member’s continuous service for the Company in the respective fiscal year. The contracts of
Werner Brandt and Gerhard Oswald are currently set to expire in mid-2014, while the contracts of Lars Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado are set to expire in mid-2015. As a result, the LTI allocations for the years 2014 to 2015 (for Werner Brandt and Gerhard Oswald) and the LTI allocations for the year 2015 (for Lars Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado) had not yet been allocated with legally binding force in 2012. Assuming uninterrupted service on the Executive Board during the period in question, additional grants for Executive Board members for future years shall
be €4,390,000 for each co-CEO and €1,574,800 for each regular Executive Board member, in each of 2013, 2014, and 2015 (except Luisa Deplazes Delgado, who shall receive €1,291,600 for the year 2013). The total compensation for 2012
pursuant to section 314 of the German Commercial Code, in other words, including this additional compensation as well as the long-term compensation tranches granted but not yet earned, amounts to €72,288,800, thereof: Bill McDermott:
€21,948,700, Jim Hagemann Snabe €21,415,500, Werner Brandt €5,431,200, Lars Dalgaard €5,524,900, Luisa Deplazes Delgado €3,804,400, Gerhard Oswald €5,421,000, Vishal Sikka €8,743,100. Assuming 100% target achievement, the
amounts the MTI 2011 will pay out in 2014 are as follows: MTI Target Payouts € thousands MTI 2011 Target Payouts 2014 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 820.0 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 820.0 Dr. Werner Brandt 495.5 Gerhard Oswald 495.5 Dr. Vishal Sikka 495.5 Total 3,126.5 80 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 The share-based payment amounts in 2012 result from the following RSUs under the RSU Milestone Plan
2015. Share-Based Payment Under RSU Milestone Plan 2015 Grants for 2012 Quantity Grant Value per Unit at Time of Grant Total Grant Value at Time of Grant € € thousands Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 95,414 45.26 4,318.4 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 95,414 45.26 4,318.4 Dr. Werner Brandt 34,226 45.26 1,549.1 Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) 24,594 47.01 1,156.2 Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 8,332 49.73 414.4 Gerhard Oswald 34,226 45.26 1,549.1 Dr. Vishal Sikka 34,226 45.26 1,549.1 Total 326,432 14,854.7 Total Executive Board Payment in 2011 € thousands Fixed Elements Performance- Related Element Long-Term Incentive Elements Total Salary Other ( 1) Short-Term Incentive (STI) Share-Based Payment (SAP SOP 2010) ( 2) Bill McDermott (co-CEO) ( 3) 1,279.9 408.0 3,935.5 950.0 6,573.4 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 1,150.0 107.6 3,271.2 950.0 5,478.8 Dr. Werner Brandt 700.0 29.7 1,979.6 577.0 3,286.3 Gerhard Oswald 700.0 34.5 1,979.6 577.0 3,291.1 Dr. Vishal Sikka ( 4) 700.0 120.5 2,103.7 577.0 3,501.2 Dr. Angelika Dammann (member until July 8, 2011) ( 5) 466.7 45.9 1,163.1 384.7 2,060.4 Total 4,996.6 746.2 14,432.7 4,015.7 24,191.2 ( 1) Insurance contributions, benefits in kind, expenses for maintenance of two households due to work abroad, reimbursement of legal and tax advice fees,
non-recurring payments, use of aircraft, tax. ( 2) Fair value at the time of grant. ( 3) Includes discrete payments arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following items: Salary for 2011: €129,900;
profit-sharing bonus for 2011: €664,300. ( 4) Includes a discrete payment arising through application of the fixed exchange-rate clause to the following item: Profit-sharing bonus for 2011:
€124,100. ( 5) Angelika Dammann’s appointment as member of the Executive Board ended on July 8, 2011. Her contract with SAP AG ended on August 31,
2011. Due to the end of her contract on August 31, 2011, the number of virtual options issued to her in 2011 was reduced. The amount of the Short-Term Incentive includes pro rata temporis amounts of the STI 2011 (€585,000), the MTI 2011
(€330,300), and the MTI 2010 (€247,800). 81 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 Share-Based Payment Under SAP SOP 2010 (2011 Grants) 2011 Grants Quantity Fair Value per Right at Time of Grant Total Fair Value at Time of Grant € € thousands Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 112,426 8.45 950.0 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 112,426 8.45 950.0 Dr. Werner Brandt 68,284 8.45 577.0 Gerhard Oswald 68,284 8.45 577.0 Dr. Vishal Sikka 68,284 8.45 577.0 Total 429,704 3,631.0 End-of-Service Benefits Regular End-of-Service Undertakings Retirement Pension Plan Members of the Executive Board receive a retirement pension when they reach the retirement age of 60 and vacate their Executive Board seat, or a
disability pension if, before reaching the regular retirement age, they become subject to occupational disability or permanent incapacity. A surviving dependent’s pension is paid on the death of a former member of the Executive Board. The
disability pension is 100% of the vested retirement pension entitlement and is payable until the beneficiary’s 60th birthday, after which it is replaced by a retirement pension. The surviving dependent’s pension is 60% of the retirement
pension or vested disability pension entitlement at death. Entitlements are enforceable against SAP AG. Current pension payments are reviewed annually for adjustments and, if applicable, increased according to the surplus in the pension liability
insurance. If service is ended before the retirement age of 60 is reached, pension entitlement is reduced in proportion as the actual length
of service stands in relation to the maximum possible length of service. The applied retirement pension plan is contributory. The
contribution is 4% of applicable compensation up to the applicable income threshold plus 14% of applicable compensation above the applicable income threshold. For this purpose, applicable compensation is 180% of annual base salary. The applicable
income threshold is the statutory annual income threshold for the state pension plan in Germany (West), as amended from time to time. Exceptional
retirement pension agreements apply to the following Executive Board members: • Prior to May 18, 2012, Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka had rights to future benefits under the pension plan of SAP America. The pension plan of
SAP America was a cash balance plan that on retirement provided either monthly pension payments or a lump sum. The pension became available from the beneficiary’s 65th birthday. Subject to certain conditions, the plan also provided earlier
payment or invalidity benefits. The portion of the SAP America pension plan classified as “Qualified Retirement Plan” according to the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) was terminated and all account balances were
liquidated from the plan on May 18, 2012. Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka transferred their account balance into their third-party pension accounts. • Bill McDermott still has rights to future benefits under the portion of the SAP America pension plan classified as “Non-Qualified Retirement
Plan” according to ERISA. The “Non-Qualified” pension plan of SAP America is a cash balance plan that on retirement provides either monthly pension payments or a lump sum. The pension becomes available from the beneficiary’s 65th
birthday. Subject to certain conditions, the plan also provides earlier payment or invalidity benefits. The “Non-Qualified” pension plan closed with effect from January 1, 2009. Interest continues to be paid on the earned rights to
benefits within this plan. 82 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 • SAP also made contributions to a third-party pension plan for Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka. SAP’s contributions are based on Bill
McDermott’s and Vishal Sikka’s payments into this pension plan. Additionally, in view of the close of the SAP America pension plan, SAP adjusted its payments to this non-SAP pension plan. In 2012, SAP paid contributions for Bill McDermott
totaling €1,053,600 (2011: €470,800) and for Vishal Sikka totaling €215,300 (2011: €95,700). • Instead of paying for entitlements under the pension plan for Executive Board members, SAP pays equivalent amounts to a non-SAP pension plan for Jim
Hagemann Snabe. In 2012, SAP paid contributions totaling €283,400 (2011: €283,800). • Gerhard Oswald’s performance-based retirement plan was discontinued when SAP introduced a contributory retirement pension plan in 2000. His
pension benefits are derived from any accrued entitlements on December 31, 1999, under performance-based pension agreements and a salary-linked contribution for the period commencing January 1, 2000. Gerhard Oswald’s rights to
retirement pension benefits will increase by further annual contributions because he will remain a member of the Executive Board after his 60th birthday until his retirement on June 30, 2014. • Lars Dalgaard has no entitlements under the pension plan for Executive Board members. SAP made no retirement pension plan contributions to a
third-party pension plan with respect to Lars Dalgaard in 2012. Total Projected Benefit Obligation
(PBO) and the Total Accruals for Pension Obligations to Executive Board Members € thousands Bill McDermott (co-CEO) (1) Dr. Werner Brandt Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) Gerhard Oswald Dr. 
Vishal Sikka (1) Total PBO January 1, 2011 1,073.2 1,284.3 n.a. 4,127.4 46.7 6,531.6 Less plan assets market value January 1, 2011 52.6 921.7 n.a. 3,374.9 45.0 4,394.2 Accrued January 1, 2011 1,020.6 362.6 n.a. 752.5 1.7 2,137.4 PBO change in 2011 66.3 215.4 n.a. 358.1 6.4 646.2 Plan assets change in 2011 4.0 209.3 n.a. 436.3 3.5 653.1 PBO December 31, 2011 1,139.5 1,499.7 n.a. 4,485.5 53.1 7,177.8 Less plan assets market value December 31, 2011 56.6 1,131.0 n.a. 3,811.2 48.5 5,047.3 Accrued December 31, 2011 1,082.9 368.7 n.a. 674.3 4.6 2,130.5 PBO change in 2012 –64.4 541.8 55.1 1,231.3 –53.1 1,710.7 Plan assets change in 2012 –56.6 217.0 48.3 383.3 –48.5 543.5 PBO December 31, 2012 1,075.1 2,041.5 55.1 5,716.8 0 8,888.5 Less plan assets market value December 31, 2012 0 1,348.0 48.3 4,194.5 0 5,590.8 Accrued December 31, 2012 1,075.1 693.5 6.8 1,522.3 0 3,297.7 ( 1) Prior to May 18, 2012 the qualified portion of the SAP America pension plan was terminated and account balances transferred to third-party pension
accounts. 83 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 The table below shows the annual pension entitlement of each member of the Executive Board on reaching
age 60 based on entitlements from SAP under performance-based and salary-linked plans vested on December 31, 2012. Annual Pension
Entitlement € thousands Vested on December 31, 2012 Vested on December 31, 2011 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) (1) 78.1 98.3 Dr. Werner Brandt 88.2 80.6 Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) (3) 2.3 n.a. Gerhard Oswald (2) 259.9 243.7 Dr. Vishal Sikka (1) n.a. 6.5 ( 1) The rights shown here for Bill McDermott and Vishal Sikka refer solely to rights under the SAP America pension plan. Prior to May 18, 2012, the
qualified portion of the SAP America, Inc., pension plan was terminated and accounts were transferred to third-party pension accounts. ( 2) Due to the extension of Gerhard Oswald’s contract beyond his 60th birthday, this value represents the retirement pension entitlement that he would
receive after his current Executive Board contract expires on June 30, 2014, based on the entitlements vested on December 31, 2012. ( 3) Due to changes in tax regulations in Germany, for commitments after January 1, 2012, the minimum age to receive pension payments increased to age
62. The value shown for Luisa Deplazes Delgado represents the retirement pension entitlement that she would receive at the age of 62 based on the entitlements vested on December 31, 2012. These are vested entitlements. To the extent that members continue to serve on the Executive Board and that
therefore more contributions are made for them in the future, pensions actually payable at the age of 60 will be higher than the amounts shown in the table. Postcontractual Noncompete Provisions During the agreed 12-month postcontractual noncompete period, each Executive Board member receives abstention payments corresponding to 50% of his or her final average contractual compensation as agreed
in the respective contract on an individual basis. The following table presents the net
present values of the postcontractual noncompete abstention payments. The net present values in the table reflect the discounted present value of the amounts that would be paid in the fictitious scenario in which the Executive Board members leave
SAP at the end of their respective current contract terms and their final average contractual compensation prior to their departure equals the compensation in 2012. Actual postcontractual noncompete payments will likely differ from these amounts
depending on the time of departure and the compensation levels and target achievements at the time of departure. Net Present Values of the
Postcontractual Noncompete Abstention Payments € thousands Contract Term Expires Net Present Value of Postcontractual Noncompete Abstention Payment Bill McDermott (co-CEO) June 30, 2017 4,165.9 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) June 30, 2017 3,912.9 Dr. Werner Brandt June 30, 2014 1,898.2 Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) April 11, 2015 1,163.4 Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) August 31, 2015 464.6 Gerhard Oswald June 30, 2014 1,905.3 Dr. Vishal Sikka December 31, 2017 1,880.9 Total 15,391.2 84 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 Early End-of-Service Undertakings Severance Payments The standard contract for all Executive Board members provides
that on termination before full term (for example, where the member’s appointment is revoked, where the member becomes occupationally disabled, or in connection with a change of control), SAP AG will pay to the member the outstanding part of
the compensation target for the entire remainder of the term, appropriately discounted for early payment. A member has no claim to that payment if he or she has not served SAP as a member of its Executive Board for at least one year or if he or she
leaves SAP AG for reasons for which he or she is responsible. If an Executive Board member’s appointment to the Executive Board expires
or ceases to exist because of, or as a consequence of, change or restructuring, or due to a change of control, SAP AG and each Executive Board member has the right to terminate the employment contract within eight weeks of the occurrence by giving
six months’ notice. A change of control is deemed to occur when a third party is required to make a mandatory takeover offer to the shareholders of SAP AG under the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act, when SAP AG merges with another
company and becomes the subsumed entity, or when a control or profit transfer agreement is concluded with SAP AG as the dependent company. An Executive Board member’s contract can also be terminated before full term if his or her appointment as
an SAP AG Executive Board member is revoked in connection with a change of control. Postcontractual Noncompete Provisions Abstention compensation for the postcontractual noncompete period as described above is also payable on early contract termination. Permanent Disability In case of permanent disability, the contract will end at the end of the quarter in which the permanent inability to work was determined. The Executive Board member receives the monthly basic salary for a
further 12 months starting from the date the permanent disability is determined. Payments to Former Executive Board Members In 2012, we paid pension benefits of €1,360,000 to Executive Board members who had retired before January 1, 2012 (2011:
€1,346,000). At the end of the year, the PBO for former Executive Board members was €30,551,000 (2011: €25,267,000). Plan assets of €26,054,000 are available to service these obligations (2011: €25,788,000). Executive Board Members’ Long-Term Incentives Members of the Executive Board hold or held throughout the year share-based payment rights under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015 (which was granted in 2012) as well as the SAP SOP 2010, SOP Performance Plan
2009, and SAP SOP 2007 programs (which were granted in previous years). For information about the terms and details of these programs, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note (27). 85 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 RSU Milestone Plan 2015 The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on December 31, 2012, of restricted share units issued to them under the RSU Milestone Plan 2015. The plan is a cash-settled long-term
incentive scheme with a payout subsequent to a performance period of one year and an additional holding period of three years. The RSU Milestone Plan 2015 consists of four plan tranches to be issued with respect to the calendar years 2012 through
2015. RSU Milestone Plan 2015 Year Granted Holding on January 1, 2012 Grants in 2012 Units Vested Forfeited Units Holding on December 31, 2012 Quantity Quantity Remaining Term in Years Quantity of RSUs Quantity of RSUs Quantity of RSUs Remaining Term in Years Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 2012 – 95,414 3.98 127,425 – 127,425 3.08 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 2012 – 95,414 3.98 127,425 – 127,425 3.08 Dr. Werner Brandt 2012 – 34,226 3.98 45,709 – 45,709 3.08 Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) 2012 – 24,594 3.81 32,845 – 32,845 3.08 Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 2012 – 8,332 3.42 11,127 – 11,127 3.08 Gerhard Oswald 2012 – 34,226 3.98 45,709 – 45,709 3.08 Dr. Vishal Sikka 2012 – 34,226 3.98 45,709 – 45,709 3.08 Total – 326,432 435,950 435,950 The holding on December 31, 2012, reflects the number of RSUs issued in 2012 multiplied by the 133.55% target
achievement. 86 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 SAP SOP 2010 The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on December 31, 2012, of virtual share options issued to them under the SAP SOP 2010 since its inception. The strike price for an option
is 115% of the base price. The issued options have a term of seven years and can only be exercised on specified dates after the vesting period. The options issued in 2010 are exercisable beginning in September 2014 and the options issued in 2011 are
exercisable beginning in June 2015. SAP SOP 2010 Virtual Share Options Year Granted Strike Price per Option Holding on January 1, 2012 Rights Exercised in 2012 Price on Exercise Date Exercisable Rights of Retired Members of the Executive Board Forfeited Rights Holding on December 31, 2012 € Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Quantity of Options € Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 2010 40.80 135,714 5.69 – – – – 135,714 4.69 2011 48.33 112,426 6.44 – – – – 112,426 5.44 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 2010 40.80 135,714 5.69 – – – – 135,714 4.69 2011 48.33 112,426 6.44 – – – – 112,426 5.44 Dr. Werner Brandt 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 – – – – 82,428 4.69 2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 – – – – 68,284 5.44 Gerhard Oswald 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 – – – – 82,428 4.69 2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 – – – – 68,284 5.44 Dr. Vishal Sikka 2010 40.80 82,428 5.69 – – – – 82,428 4.69 2011 48.33 68,284 6.44 – – – – 68,284 5.44 Total 948,416 – – – – 948,416 87 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 SOP Performance Plan 2009 The table below shows the current Executive Board members’ holdings, on December 31, 2012, of virtual share options issued under the SOP Performance Plan 2009. The strike price for an option varies with the performance of SAP shares over time against the TechPGI index. The gross profit per option is limited to
€30.80, corresponding to 110% of the SAP share price on the date of issue. The issued options have a term of five years and can only be
exercised on specified dates after the two-year vesting period. In this case, the options have been exercisable since May 2011. SOP
Performance Plan 2009 Virtual Share Options Year Granted Strike Price per Option Holding on January 1, 2012 Rights Exercised in 2012 Price on Exercise Date Exercisable Rights of Retired Members of the Executive Board Forfeited Rights Holding on December 31,
2012 € Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Quantity of Options € Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 – – – – Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 – – – – Dr. Werner Brandt 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 – – – – Gerhard Oswald 2009 variable 102,670 2.35 102,670 60.40 – – – – Dr. Vishal Sikka ( 1) 2009 variable 35,588 2.35 35,588 60.40 – – – – Total 446,268 446,268 – – – – ( 1) The holding was allocated before appointment to the Executive Board in 2010. The share options had a value of €3.47 per option on their exercise date in 2012. 88 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 SAP SOP 2007 The table below shows Executive Board members’ holdings, on December 31, 2012, of virtual share options issued to them under the SAP SOP 2007 plan since its inception, including virtual share
options issued to them both during and before their respective membership of the Executive Board. The strike price for an option is 110% of
the base price. The issued options have a term of five years and can only be exercised on specified dates after the two-year vesting period. The options issued in 2007 could be exercised with effect from June 2009, following expiration of the
two-year vesting period. The options issued in 2008 have been exercisable since March 2010, following expiration of the two-year vesting period. SAP SOP 2007 Virtual Share Options Year Granted Strike Price per Option Holding on January 1, 2012 Rights Exercised in 2012 Price on Exercise Date Exercisable Rights of Retired Members of the Executive Board Forfeited Rights Holding on December 31, 2012 € Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Quantity of Options € Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Quantity of Options Remaining Term in Years Dr. Vishal Sikka (1 ) 2008 35.96 17,571 1.18 17,571 48.43 – – – – Total 17,571 17,571 – – – ( 1) The holding was allocated before appointment to the Executive Board in 2010. Total Expense for Share-Based Payment In the report year and the prior year, total expense for the share-based payment plans of Executive Board members was recorded as follows. Total Expense for Share-Based Payment € thousands 2012 2011 Bill McDermott (co-CEO) 16,239.0 1,053.5 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) 16,239.0 1,052.9 Dr. Werner Brandt 4,998.1 621.9 Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) 4,239.6 n.a. Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) 2,795.6 n.a. Gerhard Oswald 6,417.0 621.9 Dr. Vishal Sikka 6,500.3 652.8 Total 57,428.6 4,003.0 The expense recognition follows the regulations as set under IFRS 2 “Share Based Payments”. Because the RSU
Milestone Plan 2015 tranches for 2013 to 2015 were already allocated at the beginning of 2012, a portion of this expense is already included in the expenses for the financial year 2012, even though these future tranches depend on the achievement of
specific financial targets in future periods. 89 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 Shareholdings and Transactions of Executive Board Members No member of the Executive Board holds more than 1% of the ordinary shares of SAP AG. Members of the Executive Board held a total of 35,271 SAP shares on December 31, 2012 (2011: 20,569 shares). The table below
shows transactions by Executive Board members and persons closely associated with them notified to SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act, section 15a, in 2012. Transactions in SAP Shares Transaction Date Transaction Quantity Unit Price Bill McDermott (co-CEO) May 23, 2012 Purchase of ADRs 3,000 US$58.0000 May 24, 2012 Purchase of ADRs 1,000 US$57.5000 Dr. Werner Brandt May 24, 2012 Share purchase 2,300 €46.3555 Gerhard Oswald May 24, 2012 Share purchase 2,112 €46.8892 Jim Hagemann Snabe (co-CEO) May 24, 2012 Share purchase 4,290 €46.7000 Dr. Vishal Sikka September 11, 2012 Purchase of ADRs 2,000 US$69.3984 Executive Board: Other Information We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of our Executive Board in 2012 or the previous year. As far as the law permits, SAP AG and its affiliated companies in Germany and elsewhere indemnify and hold harmless their respective directors and
officers against and from the claims of third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and officers’ (D&O) group liability insurance. The policy is annual and is renewed from year to year. The insurance covers the personal
liability of the insured group for financial loss caused by its managerial acts and omissions. The current D&O policy includes an individual deductible for Executive Board members of SAP AG as required by section 93 (2) of the German Stock
Corporation Act. Compensation for Supervisory Board Members Compensation System Supervisory Board members’ compensation is governed by
our Articles of Incorporation, section 16. Each member of the Supervisory Board receives, in addition to the reimbursement of his or her expenses, compensation composed of fixed elements and a variable element. The variable element depends on the
dividend paid by SAP on its shares. The fixed element is €100,000 for the chairperson, €70,000 for the deputy chairperson, and
€50,000 for other members. For membership of the Audit Committee, Supervisory Board members receive additional fixed annual remuneration of €15,000, and for membership of any other Supervisory Board committee €10,000, provided that
the committee concerned has met in the year. The chairperson of the audit committee receives €25,000, and the chairpersons of the other committees receive €20,000. The fixed remuneration is payable after the end of the year. The variable compensation element is €10,000 for the chairperson, €8,000 for the deputy chairperson, and €6,000 for the other members of
the Supervisory Board for each €0.01 by which the dividend distributed per share exceeds €0.40. The variable remuneration is payable after the end of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders that resolves on the dividend for the relevant
year. However, the aggregate compensation excluding compensation for committee memberships must not exceed €250,000 for the chairperson,
€200,000 for the deputy chairperson, and €150,000 for other members of the Supervisory Board. Any members of the Supervisory Board
having served for less than the entire year receive one-twelfth of the annual remuneration for each month of service commenced. This also applies to the increased compensation of the chairperson and the deputy chairperson and to the remuneration for
the chairperson and the members of a committee. 90 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 Amount of Compensation Subject to the resolution on the appropriation of retained earnings by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 4, 2013, the compensation paid to Supervisory Board members in respect of
2012 will be as set out in the table below. Supervisory Board Members’ Compensation in 2012 2012 2011 € thousands Fixed Compensation Compensation for Committee Work Variable Compensation Total Fixed Compensation Compensation for Committee Work Variable Compensation Total Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Hasso Plattner (chairperson) 100.0 60.0 150.0 310.0 100.0 100.0 150.0 350.0 Christiane Kuntz-Mayr (deputy chairperson from May 23, 2012) 67.5 10.0 128.3 205.8 50.0 10.0 100.0 160,0 Pekka Ala-Pietilä 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Thomas Bamberger (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 6.3 41.7 68.8 50.0 15.0 100.0 165.0 Panagiotis Bissiritsas 50.0 24.2 100.0 174.2 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Prof. Anja Feldmann (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 50.0 50.0 100.0 200.0 Margret Klein-Magar (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Peter Koop (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 4.2 41.7 66.7 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 Lars Lamadé (deputy chairperson until May 23, 2012) 62.5 10.0 120.8 193.3 70.0 28.3 130.0 228.3 Bernard Liautaud 50.0 16.7 100.0 166.7 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0 Dr. Gerhard Maier (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 10.4 41.7 72.9 50.0 25.0 100.0 175.0 Dr. h. c. Hartmut Mehdorn 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0 Dr. Hans-Bernd Meier (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 0 41.7 62.5 20.8 0 41.7 62.5 Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr. h.c. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Joachim Milberg (until May 23, 2012) 20.8 18.8 41.7 81.3 50.0 55.0 100.0 205.0 Dr. Kurt Reiner (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 13.3 66.7 113.3 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Mario Rosa-Bian (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 6.7 66.7 106.7 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 50.0 25.0 100.0 175.0 50.0 35.0 100.0 185.0 Stefan Schulz 50.0 24.2 100.0 174.2 50.0 30.0 100.0 180.0 Inga Wiele (from May 23, 2012) 33.3 16.7 66.7 116.7 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E.h. Klaus Wucherer 50.0 20.0 100.0 170.0 50.0 10.0 100.0 160.0 Compensation for former Supervisory Board Members n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 33.3 16.7 66.7 116.7 Total 900.8 339.6 1,740.8 2,981.3 874.1 465.0 1,688.3 3,027.5 91 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 In addition, we reimburse to members of the Supervisory Board their expenses and the value-added tax
payable on their compensation. The total compensation of all Supervisory Board members in 2012 for work for SAP excluding compensation
relating to the office of Supervisory Board member was € 1,083,500 (2011: €1,688,300). Those amounts are composed entirely of remuneration received by employee representatives on the Supervisory Board relating to their position as SAP
employees in 2012 and 2011 respectively. Supervisory Board member Wilhelm Haarmann is an attorney at the German bar and a partner at HAARMANN
Partnerschaftsgesellschaft in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Wilhelm Haarmann and HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft occasionally advise SAP on particular projects, tax matters, and questions of law. In 2012, the fees for such services totaled
€9,400 (2011: €358,800). Long-Term Incentives for the Supervisory Board We do not offer members share options or other share-based payment for their Supervisory Board work. Any share options or other share-based payment
received by employee-elected members relate to their position as SAP employees and not to their work on the Supervisory Board. Shareholdings and Transactions of Supervisory Board Members Supervisory Board chairperson Hasso Plattner and the companies he controlled held 121,348,807 SAP shares on December 31, 2012 (December 31, 2011: 121,515,102 SAP shares), representing 9.878%
(2011: 9.895%) of SAP’s share capital. No other member of the Supervisory Board held more than 1% of the SAP AG share capital at the end of 2012 or of the previous year. Members of the Supervisory Board held a total of 121,363,858 SAP shares on
December 31, 2012 (December 31, 2011: 121,524,139 SAP shares). The table below shows transactions by
Supervisory Board members and persons closely associated with them notified to SAP pursuant to the German Securities Trading Act, section 15a, in 2012: Transactions in SAP Shares Transaction Date Transaction Quantity Unit Price in € Christiane Kuntz-Mayr February 15, 2012 Share sale (1) 7,700 48.6107 Hasso Plattner November 7, 2012 Share purchase 3,029,994 57.3400 November 8, 2012 Share sale 3,029,994 56.1600 November 8, 2012 Share purchase 3,029,994 56.1600 November 28, 2012 Share sale (2) (2) ( 1) Sale of shares in line with the LTI Plan 2000. ( 2) The notifying party (Hasso Plattner GmbH & Co. Beteiligungs-KG) concluded a contract with a bank acting as commission agent for the monthly
sale of SAP shares with a fair value of €10,000,000 per month. The sale will be carried out at the bank’s own discretion in the stock market or over the counter, for the first time in November 2012 and then again in the months January
through November 2013. Price: Targeted is the volume-weighted average (stock market) price of the SAP share on the relevant day of sale. No. of items: Total amount traded divided by the relevant sale price of the sold shares. Supervisory Board: Other Information We did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of our Supervisory Board in 2012 or the previous year. Hasso Plattner, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board, entered into a consulting contract with SAP after
he joined the Supervisory Board in May 2003. The contract does not provide for any compensation. The only cost we incurred under the contract was the reimbursement of expenses. 92 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 As far as the law permits, we indemnify Supervisory Board members against, and hold them harmless from,
claims brought by third parties. To this end, we maintain directors’ and officers’ group liability insurance. The current D&O policy does not include an individual deductible for Supervisory Board members as envisaged in the German Corporate Governance Code. EMPLOYEES Headcount The following tables set
forth the number of employees, measured in full-time equivalents by functional area and by geographic region: December 31, 2012 December 31, 2011 December 31, 2010 Full-time equivalents EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total Software and software-related services 4,559 2,628 3,364 10,551 4,068 2,079 2,816 8,963 3,804 1,827 2,254 7,885 Professional services and other services 7,020 4,399 2,840 14,259 6,808 3,963 2,497 13,268 6,787 3,955 2,410 13,152 Research and development 8,952 3,672 5,388 18,012 8,713 3,028 4,120 15,861 8,617 3,154 4,113 15,884 Sales and marketing 5,697 6,220 2,982 14,899 4,856 4,581 2,343 11,780 4,593 4,214 2,180 10,987 General and administration 2,243 1,383 660 4,286 2,073 1,120 542 3,735 2,053 1,005 518 3,576 Infrastructure 1,286 821 308 2,415 1,182 702 274 2,158 1,135 628 266 2,029 SAP Group (December 31) 29,757 19,123 15,542 64,422 27,700 15,473 12,592 55,765 26,989 14,783 11,741 53,513 Thereof acquisitions 791 2,987 1,038 4,816 264 49 90 403 1,174 1,975 1,084 4,233 SAP Group (months’ end average) 29,009 17,619 14,506 61,134 27,296 15,010 12,040 54,346 25,929 13,164 10,877 49,970 ( 1) Europe, Middle East, Africa On December 31, 2012, we had 64,422 full-time equivalent (FTE) employees worldwide (December 31,
2011: 55,765). This represents an increase in headcount of 8,657 FTEs in comparison to 2012. Of the overall headcount increase in 2012, 4,816 resulted from acquisitions. The average number of employees in 2012 was 61,134 (2011: 54,346). We define the FTE headcount as the number of people we would employ if we only employed people on full-time employment contracts. Students employed
part-time and certain individuals who are employed by SAP but who for various reasons are not currently working are excluded from our figures. Also, temporary employees are not included in the above figures. The number of such temporary employees is
not material. On December 31, 2012, the largest number of SAP employees (46%) were employed in the EMEA region (including 26% in
Germany and 20% in other countries in the region), while 30% were employed in the Americas region (including 21% in the United States and 9% in other countries in the region) and 24% in the Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) region. Because we invested in support and cloud computing in 2012, our support headcount increased in all regions.
Our worldwide headcount in the field of software and software-related services grew 18% to 10,551 (2011: 8,963). Professional services and other services counted 14,259 employees at the end of 2012 – an increase of 7% (2011: 13,268). Our R
& D headcount saw a relatively strong year-over-year increase of 14% to 18,012 FTEs (2011: 15,861). This growth stemmed from our acquisitions and greater investment in the APJ region. Sales and marketing headcount grew significantly by 26% to
14,899 at the end of the year (2011: 11,780), because we invested very heavily in the sales and marketing of our products and services in 2012 and employed more sales staff in all regions with a strong focus on the emerging markets. Our general and
administration headcount rose 15% to 4,286 FTEs at the end of the year (2011: 3,735). Our acquisitions were the main reason for this increase. Our infrastructure employees, who provide IT and facility management services, numbered 2,415 – an
increase of 12% (2011: 2,158) that mainly resulted from our acquisitions and investments in our company IT. 93 Table of Contents Part I Item 6 In the Americas region, headcount increased by 3,650, or 24%; in the EMEA region, the increase was 2,057,
or 7%; and in the APJ region, it was 2,950, or 23%. Our personnel expense per employee was approximately €119,000 in 2012 (2011:
approximately €108,000). This rise in expense is primarily attributable to an increase in salaries and share-based payments prompted by the new plans and significant rise in the share price in 2012. The personnel expense per employee is defined
as the personnel expense divided by the average number of employees. For more information about employee compensation and a detailed overview of the number of people we employed, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section, Note
(7). Employee Relations and Labor Unions On a worldwide basis, we believe that our employee relations are excellent. Employees of SAP France S.A. and SAP Labs France S.A. are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. On the legal entity level, the SAP AG works council represents the employees of SAP AG with 39 members; the employees of SAP Deutschland AG &
Co. KG (SAP Germany) are represented by a works council with 31 members. For different areas of co-determination the entity-level works councils have elected committees. By law the works councils are entitled to consultation and, in some areas, to
co-determination rights concerning labor conditions at SAP AG and SAP Germany. Other employee representatives include the group works council currently having seven members (members of the works councils of SAP AG and SAP Germany), the
representatives of severely disabled persons in all entities and on group level (Germany) and the spokespersons committee as the representation of the executives. Each of SAP France S.A., SAP Labs France S.A. and Sybase France SARL are represented by a French works council. A French works council is responsible for protecting the employees’ collective
interests by ensuring that management considers the interests of employees in making decisions on behalf of the company. A French works council is entitled to certain company information and to consult with management on matters that are expected to have an impact on company structure or on the employees it represents. The union negotiates agreements with SAP France
S.A. and SAP Labs France S.A. Some negotiations are compulsory under law. The staff representatives are obligated to present all individual or collective complaints regarding salary, policies or agreements between the employees and the company in
question. In addition, the employees of our subsidiaries SAP Espana S.A., SAP Belgium N.V., SAP Nederland B.V., Sybase Iberia, S.L. and SAP
Italia S.p.A. are also represented by works councils. Each of SAP (UK) Limited and SAP Ireland Limited has an employee consultation forum which represents the employees’ interests. In September 2012 the SAP European Works Council (EWC) was established and held its constituent meeting. The EWC represents all employees of SAP within the European Union. By law and SAP agreement the EWC
is entitled to receive information and consult on transnational matters. SHARE OWNERSHIP Beneficial Ownership of Shares The
ordinary shares beneficially owned by the persons listed in Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Compensation Report” is disclosed in “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related-Party Transactions – Major
Shareholders.” SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS Share-Based Compensation We maintain
certain share-based compensation plans. The share-based compensation from these plans result from cash-settled and equity-settled awards issued to employees. For more information on our share-based compensation plans refer to “Item 6.
Directory, Senior Management and Employees – Compensation Report” and Note (27) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 94 Table of Contents Part I Item 7 ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS The share capital of SAP AG consists of ordinary shares, which are issued only in bearer form. Accordingly, SAP AG generally has no way of determining who its shareholders are or how many shares a
particular shareholder owns. SAP’s ordinary shares are traded in the United States by means of ADRs. Each ADR currently represents one SAP AG ordinary share. On March 7, 2013, based on information provided by the Depositary there
were 47,405,453 ADRs held of record by 1,117 registered holders. The ordinary shares underlying such ADRs represented 3.86% of the then-outstanding ordinary shares (including treasury stock). Because SAP’s ordinary shares are issued in bearer
form only, we are unable to determine the number of ordinary shares directly held by persons with U.S. addresses. The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares to the extent known to SAP as of March 7, 2013 of: (i) each person or group known by SAP AG to own beneficially 5% or more of the outstanding ordinary shares; and (ii) the
beneficial ownership of all members of the Supervisory Board and all members of the Executive Board, individually and as a group, in each case as reported to SAP AG by such persons. There was, as far as we are able to tell given the nature of our
shares, no significant change in the percentage ownership held by any major shareholder during the past three years. None of the major shareholders have special voting rights. Ordinary Shares Beneficially
Owned Major Shareholders Number % of Outstanding Dietmar Hopp, collectively (1) 65,273,200 5.313 % Hasso Plattner, Chairperson Supervisory Board, collectively (2) 120,857,498 9.838 % Klaus Tschira, collectively (3) 92,079,595 7.495 % Executive Board Members as a group (7 persons) 35,271 0.003 % Supervisory Board Members as a group (16 persons) 120,872,438 9.839 % Executive Board Members and Supervisory Board Members as a group (23 persons) (4) 120,907,709 9.842 % Options and convertible bonds that are vested and exercisable within 60 days of March 7, 2013, held by Executive Board
Members and Supervisory Board Members, collectively 0 n.a. BlackRock, Inc. (5) n.a. >5 % (1) Represents 65,273,200 ordinary shares beneficially owned by Dietmar Hopp, including 3,404,000 ordinary shares owned by DH Besitzgesellschaft mbH &
Co. KG (formerly known as Golf Club St. Leon-Rot GmbH & Co. Betriebs-oHG) of which DH Verwaltungs-GmbH is the general partner and 61,869,200 ordinary shares owned by Dietmar Hopp Stiftung, GmbH. Mr. Hopp exercises voting and dispositive powers
of the ordinary shares held by such entities. The foregoing information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Dietmar Hopp and Dietmar Hopp Stiftung, GmbH on February 8, 2013. (2) Includes Hasso Plattner Förderstiftung GmbH and Hasso Plattner GmbH & Co. Beteiligungs-KG in which Hasso Plattner exercises sole voting and
dispositive power. (3) Includes Klaus Tschira Stiftung gGmbH and Dr. h. c. Tschira Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG in which Klaus Tschira exercises sole voting and dispositive
power. (4) We believe each of the other members of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board beneficially owns less than 1% of SAP AG’s ordinary shares
as of March 7, 2013. (5) As required under German law, BlackRock, Inc. informed SAP that they own
more than 5% of SAP’s outstanding ordinary shares. BlackRock, Inc. is not required to provide SAP with the number of shares owned and has not provided such information. 95 Table of Contents Part I Item 7, 8, 9 We at present have no knowledge about any arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in control of the company. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS For further information on related-party transactions see Note (30) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE See “Item 18. Financial Statements” and pages F-1 through 
F-99. OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION Legal Proceedings We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and claims, either
asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims and lawsuits involving businesses we have acquired. In 2010, we recorded a provision of US$1.3 billion for the TomorrowNow litigation. When the trial judge set
aside the 2010 verdict and offered Oracle a remittitur of US$272 million, we subsequently reduced the provision to US$272 million. Oracle did not accept the remittitur; rather, Oracle opted for a second trial. Prior to the second trial, the
parties stipulated to a final judgment of US$306 million with each party reserving all appeal rights. Both parties have filed their respective notice of appeal. On appeal, Oracle is seeking three forms of relief: (1) reinstatement of the
November 2010 $1.3 billion verdict; (2) as a first alternative, a new trial at which Oracle may again seek hypothetical license damages (based in part on evidence of alleged saved development costs) plus SAP’s alleged infringer’s
profits without any deduction of expenses (Oracle does not put a number on its claim for the requested new trial); and (3) as a second alternative, increase of the remittitur (alternative to new trial) to $408.7 million (vs. the $272 million
Oracle had previously rejected). SAP has dismissed its cross-appeal. Consequently, we increased the provision to US$306 million. Although the outcome of such proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that the outcome of all other matters currently pending against us has had or will have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position, profit or cash flows. Any litigation, however, involves potential risk and potentially significant litigation costs, and therefore there can be no assurance that any litigation which is now pending or which may arise in
the future will not have such a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows or reputation. See a detailed
discussion of our legal proceedings in Note (23) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Dividend Policy For more information on dividend policy see the disclosure in “Item 3. Key Information –Dividends”. Significant Changes Conversion
of Legal Form to a European Company – a Societas Europaea On March 21, 2013 the Supervisory Board of SAP AG approved the
proposal of the Executive Board to prepare the conversion of SAP AG into a European Company, otherwise referred to as a Societas Europaea, or SE. This conversion of legal form requires shareholder approval, which is currently scheduled for the
Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders in 2014. The Supervisory Board and the Executive Board believe that the planned change of legal form reflects SAP’s position as an internationally-oriented company with European roots. In
addition, this legal form offers the possibility to optimize both the corporate governance structure and the work of the corporate bodies of SAP AG. With the conversion into an SE, the shareholders of SAP AG will automatically become shareholders of
SAP SE and shareholders’ rights will remain unchanged. ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING GENERAL Our
ordinary shares are officially listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Berlin Stock Exchange and the Stuttgart Stock Exchange. The 96 Table of Contents Part I Item 9 principal trading market for the ordinary shares is Xetra, the electronic dealing platform of Deutsche Boerse AG. The ordinary shares are issued only in bearer form. ADRs representing SAP AG ordinary shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol
“SAP,” and currently each ADR represents one ordinary share. TRADING
ON THE FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGE AND THE NYSE The table below sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices
for the ordinary shares on the Xetra trading System of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange together with the closing highs and lows of the DAX, and the high and low closing sales prices for the ADRs on the NYSE (information is provided by Reuters): Price per Ordinary Share in € DAX (1) in points Price per ADR in US$ High Low High Low High Low Annual Highs and Lows 2008 39.93 23.45 7,949.11 4,127.41 58.98 29.70 2009 35.26 25.00 6,011.55 3,666.41 52.37 31.69 2010 38.40 31.12 7,077.99 5,434.34 54.08 41.59 2011 45.90 34.26 7,527.64 5,072.33 68.31 48.39 2012 61.43 41.45 7,672.10 5,969.40 81.21 53.25 Quarterly Highs and Lows 2011 First Quarter 44.67 37.45 7,426.81 6,513.84 61.67 48.76 Second Quarter 45.90 41.07 7,527.64 7,026.85 68.31 58.19 Third Quarter 44.02 34.26 7,471.44 5,072.33 64.50 48.71 Fourth Quarter 44.72 36.87 6,346.19 5,216.71 62.72 48.39 2012 First Quarter 54.51 41.45 7,157.82 6,017.23 72.31 53.25 Second Quarter 53.21 44.16 7,056.65 5,969.40 70.97 55.24 Third Quarter 56.69 44.71 7,451.62 6,387.57 72.90 55.50 Fourth Quarter 61.43 52.86 7,672.10 6,950.53 81.21 69.05 Monthly Highs and Lows 2012 July 52.30 44.71 6,774.06 6,387.57 65.11 55.50 August 52.90 51.26 7,089.32 6,606.09 65.66 62.18 September 56.69 52.38 7,451.62 6,932.58 72.90 66.13 October 56.27 52.86 7,437.23 7,173.69 72.90 69.05 November 60.18 55.35 7,405.50 6,950.53 78.43 70.93 December 61.43 60.34 7,672.10 7,435.12 81.21 78.91 2013 January 62.08 57.82 7,857.97 7,675.91 82.40 77.38 February 60.91 58.99 7,833.39 7,581.18 83.57 77.86 March (through March 7, 2013) 63.80 60.35 7,939.77 7,691.68 83.44 78.68 (1) The DAX is a continuously updated, capital-weighted performance index of 30 German blue chip companies. In principle, the shares included in the DAX
are selected on the basis of their stock exchange turnover and the issuer’s free-float market capitalization. Adjustments to the DAX are made for capital changes, subscription rights and dividends. On March 7, 2013, the closing sales price per ordinary share on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra Trading System) was €63.80 and the closing
sales price per ADR on the NYSE was US$83.44, as reported by Reuters. 97 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION Organization and Register SAP AG is a stock corporation organized in the Federal Republic
of Germany under the Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). SAP AG is registered in the Commercial Register (Handelsregister) at the Lower Court of Mannheim, Germany, under the entry number “HRB 350269.” SAP AG publishes its official
notices in the Federal Gazette (www.bundesanzeiger.de). Objects and Purposes SAP’s Articles of Incorporation state that our objects involve, directly or indirectly, the development, production and marketing of products and the provision of services in the field of information
technology, including: • developing and marketing integrated product and service solutions for e-commerce; • developing software for information technology and the licensing of its use to others; • organization and deployment consulting, as well as user training, for e-commerce and other software solutions; • selling, leasing, renting and arranging the procurement and provision of all other forms of use of information technology systems and related
equipment; and • making capital investments in enterprises active in the field of information technology to promote the opening and advancement of international markets
in the field of information technology. SAP is authorized to act in all the business areas listed above and to delegate
such activities to affiliated entities within the meaning of the German Stock Corporation Act; in particular SAP is authorized to delegate its business in whole or in part to such entities. SAP AG is authorized to establish branch offices in Germany
and other countries, as well as to form, acquire or invest in other companies of the same or related kind and to enter into collaboration and joint venture agreements. SAP is further authorized to invest in enterprises of all kinds principally for the purpose of placing financial resources. SAP is
authorized to dispose of investments, to consolidate the management of enterprises in which it participates, to enter into affiliation agreements with such entities, or to limit its activities to manage its shareholdings. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Introduction SAP AG, as a German stock corporation, is governed by three separate bodies:
the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board and the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Their rules are defined by German law, by the German Corporate Governance Code and by SAP’s Articles of Incorporation (Satzung) and are summarized below.
See “Item 16G. Differences in Corporate Governance Practices” for additional information on our corporate governance practices. The Supervisory Board The Supervisory
Board appoints and removes the members of the Executive Board and oversees and advises the management of the corporation. At regular intervals it meets to discuss current business as well as business development and planning. The SAP Executive Board
must consult with the Supervisory Board concerning the corporate strategy, which is developed by the Executive Board. The Supervisory Board maintains a list of transactions for which the Executive Board requires the Supervisory Board’s consent.
Accordingly, the Supervisory Board must also approve the annual budget of SAP upon submission by the Executive Board and certain subsequent deviations from the approved budget. The Supervisory Board is also responsible for representing SAP AG in
transactions between SAP AG and Executive Board members. The Supervisory Board, based on a recommendation by its Audit Committee, provides
its proposal for the election of the external independent auditor to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The Supervisory Board is also responsible for monitoring the auditor’s independence, a task it has delegated to its audit
committee. 98 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 The German Co-determination Act of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz) requires supervisory boards of corporations
with more than 2,000 employees to consist of an equal number of representatives of the shareholders and representatives of the employees. The minimum total number of supervisory board members, and thus the minimum number of shareholder
representatives and employee representatives, is legally fixed and depends on the number of employees employed by the corporation and its German subsidiaries. Our Supervisory Board currently consists of sixteen members, of which eight members have
been elected by SAP AG’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and eight members which have been elected by the employees of the German SAP entities (i.e. entities of the SAP Group having their registered office in
Germany). Any Supervisory Board member elected by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders may be removed by
three-quarters of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Any Supervisory Board member elected by the employees may be removed by three quarters of the votes cast by the employees of the German SAP entities. The Supervisory Board elects a chairperson and a deputy chairperson among its members by a majority of vote of its members. If such majority is not
reached on the first vote, the chairperson will be chosen solely by the members elected by the shareholders and the deputy chairperson will be chosen solely by the members elected by the employees. Unless otherwise provided by law, the Supervisory
Board acts by simple majority. In the case of any deadlock the chairperson has the deciding vote. The members of the Supervisory Board cannot
be elected for a term longer than approximately five years. The term expires at the close of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders giving its formal approval of the acts of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board in the fourth fiscal year
following the year in which the Supervisory Board was elected unless the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders specifies a shorter term of office when electing individual members of the Supervisory Board or the entire Supervisory Board. Re-election
is possible. Our Supervisory Board normally meets four times a year. The remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board is determined by the Articles of Incorporation. As stipulated in the German Corporate Governance Code (GCGC), an adequate number of our Supervisory Board
members are independent. To be considered for appointment to the Supervisory Board and for as long as they serve, members must comply with certain criteria concerning independence, conflicts of interest and multiple memberships of management,
supervisory and other governing bodies. They must be loyal to SAP in their conduct and must not accept any position in companies that are in competition with SAP. Members are subject to insider trading prohibitions and the respective directors’
dealing rules of the German Securities Trading Act. A member of the Supervisory Board may not vote on matters relating to certain contractual agreements between such member and SAP AG. Further, as the compensation of the Supervisory Board members is
laid down in the Articles of Incorporation, Supervisory Board members are unable to vote on their own compensation, with the exception that they are able to exercise voting rights in a General Meeting of Shareholders in connection with a resolution
amending the Articles of Incorporation. The Supervisory Board may appoint committees from among its members and may, to the extent permitted
by law, entrust such committees with the authority to make decisions on behalf of the Supervisory Board. Currently the Supervisory Board maintains the following committees: The focus of the Audit Committee (Prüfungsausschuss) is the oversight of SAP’s external financial reporting as well as SAP’s risk management, internal controls (including internal controls
over the effectiveness of the financial reporting process), corporate audit and compliance matters. According to German Law SAP’s Audit Committee includes at least one independent member with specialist expertise in the fields of financial
reporting or auditing. Among the tasks of the Audit Committee are the discussion of SAP’s quarterly and year end financial reporting prepared under German and U.S. regulations, including this report. The Audit Committee proposes the appointment
of the external independent auditor to the Supervisory Board, determines focus audit areas, discusses critical accounting policies and estimates with and reviews the audit reports issued and audit issues identified by the auditor. The audit
committee also negotiates the audit fees with the auditor and monitors the auditor’s independence. SAP’s Corporate Audit (CA), SAP’s Global Compliance Office (GCO) and SAP’s Risk Management Office 99 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 (RMO) report upon request or at the occurrence of certain findings, but in any case at least once a year (GCO and RMO) or twice a year (CA), directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has established procedures regarding the prior approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by our external independent
auditor. See “Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services” for details. Furthermore the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of our internal risk management and other monitoring processes that are or need to be established. The Supervisory Board has determined Erhard Schipporeit to be an audit committee financial expert as defined by the regulations of the SEC
issued under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as well as an independent financial expert as defined by the German Stock Corporation Act. See “Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert” for details. He is also the chairperson of
the Audit Committee. The General and Compensation Committee (Präsidial und Personalausschuss) coordinates the work of the Supervisory
Board, prepares its meetings and deals with corporate governance issues. In addition, it carries out the preparatory work necessary for the personnel decisions made by the Supervisory Board, notably those concerning compensation for the Executive
Board members and the conclusion, amendment and termination of the Executive Board members’ contracts of appointment. The German Stock
Corporation Act prohibits the Compensation Committee from deciding on the remuneration of the Executive Board members on behalf of the Supervisory Board and requires that such decision is made by the entire Supervisory Board. This Act also provides
the General Meeting of Shareholders with the right to vote on the system for the remuneration of Executive Board members, such vote not being legally binding for the Supervisory Board. The Finance and Investment Committee (Finanz- und Investitionsausschuss) addresses general financing issues. Furthermore, it regularly discusses acquisitions of intellectual property and companies,
venture capital investments and other investments with the Executive Board and reports to the Supervisory Board on such investments. It is also responsible for the approval of such investments if the individual investment amount exceeds certain specified limits. Required by the German Co-determination Act of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), the Mediation Committee (Vermittlungsausschuss) convenes only if the
two-thirds majority required for appointing/revoking the appointment of Executive Board members is not attained. This committee has never held a meeting in SAP AG’s history. The Strategy and Technology Committee (Strategie- und Technologieausschuss) monitors technology transactions and provides the Supervisory Board with in-depth technical advice. The Nomination Committee (Nominierungsausschuss) is exclusively composed of shareholder representatives and is responsible for identifying suitable
candidates for membership of the Supervisory Board for recommendation to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. The Special Committee
(Sonderausschuss) is tasked with coordinating and managing the Supervisory Board’s external legal advisors concerned with the investigation and analysis of the facts in connection with the legal action brought by Oracle Corporation. The duties, procedures and committees of the Supervisory Board are specified in their respective bylaws, if any, which reflect the requirements of the
German Stock Corporation Act and the recommendations of the GCGC. According to the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SAP does not grant
loans to the members of the Executive Board or the Supervisory Board. The Executive Board The Executive Board manages the Company’s business, is responsible for preparing its strategy and represents it in dealings with third parties. The
Executive Board reports regularly to the Supervisory Board about SAP operations and business strategies and prepares special reports upon request. A person may not serve on the Executive Board and on the Supervisory Board at the same time. 100 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board must cooperate closely for the benefit of the Company.
Without being asked, the Executive Board must provide to the Supervisory Board regular, prompt and comprehensive information about all of the essential issues affecting the SAP Group’s business progress and its potential business risks.
Furthermore, the Executive Board must maintain regular contact with the chairperson of the Supervisory Board. The Executive Board must inform the chairperson of the Supervisory Board promptly about exceptional events that are of significance to
SAP’s business. The Supervisory Board chairperson must inform the Supervisory Board accordingly. Pursuant to the Articles of
Incorporation, the Executive Board must consist of at least two members. Currently, SAP AG’s Executive Board is currently comprised of seven members. Any two members of the Executive Board jointly or one member of the Executive Board and the
holder of a special power of attorney (Prokurist) jointly may legally represent SAP AG. The Supervisory Board appoints each member of the Executive Board for a maximum term of five years, with the possibility of re-appointment. Under certain
circumstances, a member of the Executive Board may be removed by the Supervisory Board prior to the expiration of that member’s term. A member of the Executive Board may not vote on matters relating to certain contractual agreements between
such member and SAP AG, and may be liable to SAP AG if such member has a material interest in any contractual agreement between SAP and a third party which was not previously disclosed to and approved by the Supervisory Board. Further, as the
compensation of the Executive Board members is set by the Supervisory Board, Executive Board members are unable to vote on their own compensation, with the exception that they are able to exercise voting rights in a General Meeting of Shareholders
resolving a non-binding vote on the system for the remuneration of Executive Board members. Under German law SAP AG’s Supervisory Board
members and Executive Board members have a duty of loyalty and care towards SAP AG. They must exercise the standard of care of a prudent and diligent businessman and bear the burden of proving they did so if their actions are contested. Both bodies
must consider the interest of SAP AG shareholders and our employees and, to some extent, the common good. Those who violate their duties may be held jointly and severally liable for any resulting damages, unless they acted pursuant to a lawful resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. SAP has
implemented a Code of Business Conduct for employees (see “Item 16B. Code of Ethics” for details). The employee code is equally applicable to managers and members of the Executive Board. Under German law the Executive Board of SAP AG has to assess all major risks for the SAP Group. In addition, all measures taken by management to reduce
and handle the risks have to be documented. Therefore, SAP’s management has adopted suitable measures such as implementing an enterprise-wide monitoring system to ensure that adverse developments endangering the corporate standing are
recognized at a reasonably early point in time. The Global Compliance Office (GCO), an extension of SAP’s Global Legal Department, was
created by the SAP Executive Board in 2006 to oversee and coordinate legal and regulatory policy compliance at SAP. Effective March 1, 2007, the Company appointed a Chief Global Compliance Officer who reports to the General Counsel, and also
has direct communication channels and reporting obligations to the Executive Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. The GCO manages a network of more than 100 local subsidiary Compliance Officers who act as the point of contact for
local questions or issues under the SAP Code of Business Conduct for employees. The GCO provides training and communication to SAP employees to raise awareness and understanding of legal and regulatory compliance policies. Employee help lines are
also supported in each region where questions can be raised or questionable conduct can be reported without fear of retaliation. Pursuant to
Sec. 289a of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) the Executive Board of publicly listed companies like SAP AG are required to issue a corporate governance statement (Erklärung zur Unternehmensführung) every year together with
its annual financial statements. Companies are free to include the corporate governance declaration in their management report or publish the declaration on their website. SAP has chosen to publish the declaration on its website under
(http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/index.epx). As stipulated by law the declaration comprises the declaration of compliance with the recommendations of the GCGC pursuant to Sec. 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act, relevant
disclosures of the 101 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 company’s corporate governance practices such as ethical, work and welfare standards, and a description of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board’s rules of procedure as well as
information on the composition and rules of procedure of their sub-committees. The Global Managing Board In May 2012, SAP created a Global Managing Board in addition to the SAP Executive Board, which retains ultimate responsibility for overseeing and
deciding on the activities of the company. The Global Managing Board allows SAP to appoint a broader range of global leaders to help steer the organization. It has advisory and decision-supporting functions for the Executive Board and comprises all
Executive Board members as well as Robert Enslin and Bob Calderoni. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Shareholders of the Company exercise their voting rights at shareholders’ meetings. The Executive Board calls the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders, which must take place within the first eight months of each fiscal year. The Supervisory Board or the Executive Board may call an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders if the interests of the stock corporation so require.
Additionally, shareholders of SAP AG holding in the aggregate a minimum of 5% of SAP AG’s issued share capital may call an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders. Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to attend and participate in
shareholders’ meetings if they have provided timely notice of their intention to attend the meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders, the shareholders are asked, among other things, to formally approve the actions taken by the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board in the preceding fiscal year, to approve the appropriation of the corporation’s distributable
profits and to appoint an external independent auditor. Shareholder representatives of the Supervisory Board are generally elected at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for a term of approximately five years. Shareholders may also be asked
to grant authorization to repurchase treasury shares, to resolve on measures to raise or reduce the capital of the Company or to ratify amendments of our Articles of Incorporation. The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders can make management decisions only if requested to do so by the Executive Board. CHANGE IN CONTROL There are no provisions in the Articles of
Incorporation of SAP AG that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of SAP AG and that would only operate with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving it or any of its
subsidiaries. According to the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz) a bidder seeking
control of a company with its corporate seat in Germany and traded on a European Union stock exchange must publish advance notice of a tender offer, submit a draft offer statement to the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) for review, and obtain certification from a qualified financial institution that adequate financing is in place to complete the offer. Once a bidder has acquired shares representing 30% of the voting power of
the target company, it must make an offer for all remaining shares. The Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act requires the executive board of the target company to refrain from taking any measures that may frustrate the success of the takeover
offer. However, the target executive board is permitted to take any action that a prudent and diligent management of a company that is not the target of a takeover bid would also take. Moreover, the target executive board may search for other
bidders and, with the prior approval of the supervisory board, may take other defensive measures, provided that both boards act within the parameters of their general authority under the German Stock Corporation Act. An executive board may also
adopt specific defensive measures if such measures have been approved by the supervisory board and were specifically authorized by the shareholders no later than 18 months in advance of a takeover bid by resolution of 75% of the votes cast. Under the European Takeover Directive of 2004 member states had to choose whether EU restrictions on defensive measures apply to companies
that are registered in their territory. Germany decided to opt out and to retain its current restrictions on a board implementing defensive measures (as described above). As required by the Directive if a country decides to 102 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 opt out the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act grants companies the option of voluntarily applying the European standard by a change of the Articles of Incorporation (opt-in). SAP AG
has not made use of this option. CHANGE IN SHARE CAPITAL Under German law, the capital stock may be increased in consideration of contributions in cash or in kind, or by establishing authorized capital or
contingent capital or by an increase of the company’s capital reserves. Authorized capital provides the Executive Board with the flexibility to issue new shares for a period of up to five years. The Executive Board must obtain the approval of
the Supervisory Board before issuing new shares with regard to the authorized capital. Contingent capital allows the issuance of new shares for specified purposes, including stock option plans for Executive Board members or employees and the
issuance of shares upon conversion of convertible bonds and exercise of stock options. By law, the Executive Board may only issue new shares with regard to the contingent capital for the specified purposes. Capital increases require an approval by
at least 75% of the share capital represented and by the simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders in which the increase is proposed, and requires an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. The share capital may be reduced by an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation approved by at least 75% of the share capital represented and by the
simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders. In addition, the Executive Board of SAP AG is allowed to authorize a reduction of the company’s capital stock by canceling a defined number of repurchased treasury shares
if this repurchasing and the subsequent reduction have already been approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Articles of
Incorporation do not contain conditions regarding changes in the share capital that are more stringent than those provided by German law. RIGHTS ACCOMPANYING OUR SHARES There are no limitations imposed by German law or the Articles of Incorporation of SAP AG on the
rights to own securities, including the rights of non-residents or foreign holders to hold the ADRs or ordinary shares, to exercise voting rights or to receive dividends or other payments on such shares. According to the German stock corporation law, the rights of shareholders cannot be amended without shareholders’ consent. The Articles of
Incorporation do not provide more stringent conditions regarding changes of the rights of shareholders than those provided by German law. Voting Rights Each ordinary SAP AG
share represents one vote. Cumulative voting is not permitted under German law. A corporation’s articles of incorporation may stipulate a majority necessary to pass a shareholders’ resolution differing from the majority provided by law,
unless the law does not mandatorily require a certain majority. Section 21 (1) of SAP AG’s Articles of Incorporation provides that resolutions may be passed at the General Meeting of Shareholders by the majority as provided by law.
This means that resolutions may be passed by a majority of 50% plus one vote of votes cast (simple majority), unless the law provides or requires a higher majority. German law requires that the following matters, among others, be approved by at
least 75% of the share capital represented and by the simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders in which the matter is proposed: • changing the corporate purpose of the company set out in the articles of incorporation; • capital increases and capital decreases; • excluding preemptive rights of shareholders to subscribe for new shares or for treasury shares; • dissolution; • a merger into, or a consolidation with, another company; • a transfer of all or virtually all of the assets; and • a change of corporate form. Section 21 (3) of SAP AG’s Articles of Incorporation provides that, if at an election no candidate receives a simple majority of votes
during the first ballot in an election, a second, deciding ballot shall be conducted between the 103 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 candidates who received the largest number of votes. If the second ballot is tied, the election shall be determined by drawing lots. Dividend Rights See “Item 3. Key Information – Dividends.” Preemptive Rights Shareholders have
preemptive rights to subscribe (Bezugsrecht) for any issue of additional shares in proportion to their shareholdings in the issued capital. The preemptive rights may be excluded under certain circumstances by a shareholders’ resolution
(approved by at least 75% of the share capital represented and by the simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting of Shareholders) or by the Executive Board authorized by such shareholders’ resolutions and subject to the consent of
the Supervisory Board. Liquidation If SAP AG were to be liquidated, any liquidation proceeds remaining after all of our liabilities were paid would be distributed to our shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings. Disclosure of Shareholdings SAP
AG’s Articles of Incorporation do not require shareholders to disclose their share holdings. The German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), however, requires holders of voting securities of SAP AG to notify SAP AG and the Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority of the number or shares they hold if that number reaches, exceeds or falls below specified thresholds. These thresholds are 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 50% and 75% of the corporation’s outstanding voting
rights. In respect of certificates representing shares, the notification requirement shall apply exclusively to the holder of the certificates. In addition, the German Securities Trading Act also obliges anyone who holds, directly or indirectly,
financial instruments that result in an entitlement to acquire, on one’s initiative alone and under a legally binding agreement, shares in SAP AG, to notify SAP AG and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority if the thresholds mentioned
above have been reached, exceeded or fallen below, with the exception of the 3% threshold. In connection with this notification obligation positions in voting rights and other financial instruments have to be aggregated. Exchange Controls and Other Limitations Affecting Security Holders The euro is a fully
convertible currency. At the present time, Germany does not restrict the export or import of capital, except for investments in certain areas in accordance with applicable resolutions adopted by the United Nations and the European Union. However,
for statistical purposes only, every individual or corporation residing in Germany (“Resident”) must report to the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), subject only to certain immaterial exceptions, any payment received from or made
to an individual or a corporation residing outside of Germany (“Non-Resident”) if such payment exceeds €12,500 (or the equivalent in a foreign currency). In addition, German Residents must report any claims against or any liabilities
payable to Non-Residents if such claims or liabilities, in the aggregate, exceed €5 million (or the equivalent in a foreign currency) at the end of any calendar month. Residents are also required to report annually to the German Central
Bank any shares or voting rights of 10% or more which they hold directly or indirectly in non-resident corporations with total assets of more than €3 million. Corporations residing in Germany with assets in excess of €3 million must
report annually to the German Central Bank any shares or voting rights of 10% or more held directly or indirectly by a Non-Resident. TAXATION General The following discussion is a summary of certain material German tax and U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and
disposition of our ADRs or ordinary shares to a U.S. Holder. In general, a U.S. Holder (as hereinafter defined) is any beneficial owner of our ADRs or ordinary shares that (i) is a citizen or resident of the U.S. or a corporation organized
under the laws of the U.S. or any political subdivision thereof, an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source or a trust, if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over its administration and 104 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (ii) is not a resident of Germany for purposes of the income tax treaty between the U.S. and
Germany (Convention between the Federal Republic of Germany and the United States of America for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and Capital and to certain other Taxes, as amended
by the Protocol of June 1, 2006 and as published in the German Federal Law Gazette 2008 vol. II pp. 611/851; the “Treaty”); (iii) owns the ADRs or ordinary shares as capital assets; (iv) does not hold the ADRs or ordinary
shares as part of the business property of a permanent establishment or a fixed base in Germany; and (v) is fully entitled to the benefits under the Treaty with respect to income and gain derived in connection with the ADRs or ordinary shares. THE FOLLOWING IS NOT A COMPREHENSIVE DISCUSSION OF ALL GERMAN TAX AND U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY BE RELEVANT FOR U.S.
HOLDERS OF OUR ADRs OR ORDINARY SHARES. THEREFORE, U.S. HOLDERS ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE OVERALL GERMAN TAX AND U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR ADRs
OR ORDINARY SHARES IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER FOREIGN OR DOMESTIC LAWS. German Taxation The summary set out
below is based on German tax laws, interpretations thereof and applicable tax treaties to which Germany is a party and that are in force at the date of this report; it is subject to any changes in such authority occurring after that date,
potentially with retroactive effect, that could result in German tax consequences different from those discussed below. This discussion is also based, in part, on representations of the Depositary and assumes that each obligation of the Deposit
Agreement and any related agreements will be performed in accordance with its terms. For additional information on the Depository and the fees associated with SAP’s ADR program see “Item 12. Description of Securities Other Than Equity
Securities – American Depository Shares.” For purposes of applying German tax law and the applicable tax treaties to which Germany is a party, a
holder of ADRs will generally be treated as owning the ordinary shares represented thereby. German Taxation of Dividends Under German income tax law, the full amount of dividends distributed by a company is generally subject to German withholding tax at
a domestic rate of 25% plus a solidarity surtax of 5.5% (effectively 1.375% of dividends before withholding tax), resulting in an aggregate withholding tax rate from dividends of 26.375%. Non-resident corporate shareholders will generally be
entitled to a refund in the amount of two-fifths of the withholding tax (including solidarity surtax). This does not preclude a further reduction of withholding tax, if any, available under a relevant tax treaty. Generally, for many non-resident shareholders the withholding tax rate is currently reduced under applicable income tax treaties. Rates and refund
procedures may vary according to the applicable treaty. To reduce the withholding tax to the applicable treaty tax rate a non-resident shareholder must apply for a refund of withholding taxes paid. Claims for refund, if any, are made on a special
German claim for refund form, which must be filed with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern, D-53221 Bonn, Germany; http://www.bzst.de). The relevant forms can be obtained from the German Federal Tax Office or from German
embassies and consulates. For details, such non-resident shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors. Special rules apply for the refund to U.S. Holders (we refer to the below section “Refund Procedures for U.S. Holders”). Refund Procedures for U.S. Holders Under the Treaty, a partial refund of the 25% withholding tax equal to 10% of the gross amount of the dividend and a full refund of the solidarity surtax can be obtained by a U.S. Holder. Thus, for each
US$100 of gross dividends paid by SAP AG to a U.S. Holder, the dividends (which are dependent on the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment) will be initially subject to a German withholding tax of US$26.375, of which US$11.375 may be
refunded under the Treaty. As a result, a U.S. Holder effectively would receive a total dividend of US$85 (provided the euro/dollar 105 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 exchange rate at the time of payment of the dividend is the same as at the time of refund, otherwise the effective dividend may be higher or lower). To claim the refund of amounts withheld in excess of the Treaty rate, a U.S. Holder must submit (either directly or, as described below, through the Data
Medium Procedure participant) a claim for refund to the German tax authorities, with, in the case of a direct claim, the original bank voucher (or certified copy thereof) issued by the paying entity documenting the tax withheld, within four years
from the end of the calendar year in which the dividend is received. Claims for refund are made on a special German claim for refund form, which must be filed with the German Federal Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern, D-53221 Bonn,
Germany). The German claim for refund form may be obtained from the German tax authorities at the same address where applications are filed, from the Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany, 2300 M Street NW, Washington, DC 20037, or can be
downloaded from the homepage of the German Federal Tax Office (http://www.bzst.de). U.S. Holders must also submit to the German tax
authorities a certification of their U.S. residency status (IRS Form 6166). This certification can be obtained from the Internal Revenue Service by filing a request for certification (generally on an IRS Form 8802, which will not be processed unless
a user fee is paid) with the Internal Revenue Service, P.O. Box 71052, Philadelphia, PA 19176-6052. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how to obtain an IRS Form 6166. An IT-supported quick-refund procedure is available for dividends received (the “Data Medium Procedure – DMP”). If the U.S. Holder’s
bank or broker elects to participate in the DMP, it will perform administrative functions necessary to claim the Treaty refund for the beneficiaries. The refund beneficiaries must confirm to the DMP participant that they meet the conditions of the
Treaty provisions and that they authorize the DMP participant to file applications and receive notices and payments on their behalf. Further each refund beneficiary must confirm that (i) it is the beneficial owner of the dividends received;
(ii) it is resident in the U.S. in the meaning of the Treaty; (iii) it does not have its domicile, residence or place of management in Germany; (iv) the dividends received do not form part of a permanent establishment or fixed base in Germany; and (v) it commits, due to its participation in the DMP, not to claim separately for refund. The beneficiaries also must provide an IRS Form 6166 certification with the DMP participant. The DMP participant is required to keep these documents in its files and prepare and file a combined claim
for refund with the German tax authorities by electronic media. The combined claim provides evidence of a U.S. Holder’s personal data including its U.S. Tax Identification Number. The German tax authorities reserve the right to audit the entitlement to tax refunds for several years following their payment pursuant to the Treaty in individual cases. The DMP participant must assist
with the audit by providing the necessary details or by forwarding the queries to the respective refund beneficiaries. The German tax
authorities will issue refunds denominated in euros. In the case of shares held through banks or brokers participating in the Depository, the refunds will be issued to the Depository, which will convert the refunds to dollars. The resulting amounts
will be paid to banks or brokers for the account of the U.S. Holders. German Taxation of Capital Gains Under German income tax law, a capital gain derived from the sale or other disposition of ADRs or ordinary shares by a non-resident shareholder is
subject to income tax in Germany only if such non-resident shareholder has held, directly or indirectly, ADRs or ordinary shares representing 1% or more of the registered share capital of a company at any time during the five-year period immediately
preceding the sale or other disposition. However, a U.S. Holder of ADRs or ordinary shares that qualifies for benefits under the Treaty is
not subject to German income or corporate income tax on the capital gain derived from the sale or other disposition of ADRs or ordinary shares. German Gift and Inheritance Tax Generally, a transfer of ADRs or ordinary shares by a shareholder at death or by way of gift will be 106 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 subject to German gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if (i) the decedent or donor, or the heir, donee or other transferee is resident in Germany at the time of the transfer, or with
respect to German citizens who are not resident in Germany, if the decedent or donor, or the heir, donee or other transferee has not been continuously outside of Germany for a period of more than five years; (ii) the ADRs or ordinary shares are
part of the business property of a permanent establishment or a fixed base in Germany; or (iii) the ADRs or ordinary shares subject to such transfer form part of a portfolio that represents 10% or more of the registered share capital of the
Company and has been held, directly or indirectly, by the decedent or donor, respectively, at the time of the transfer, actually or constructively together with related parties. However, the right of the German government to impose gift or inheritance tax on a non-resident shareholder may be limited by an applicable estate tax treaty. In the case of a U.S. Holder, a transfer of
ADRs or ordinary shares by a U.S. Holder at death or by way of gift generally will not be subject to German gift or inheritance tax by reason of the estate tax treaty between the U.S. and Germany (Convention between the Federal Republic of Germany
and the United States of America for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Estate, Gift and Inheritance Taxes, German Federal Law Gazette 1982 vol. II page 847, as amended by the Protocol of December 14, 1998 and as published on
December 21, 2000, German Federal Law Gazette 2001 vol. II, page 65; the “Estate Tax Treaty”) so long as the decedent or donor, or the heir, donee or other transferee was not domiciled in Germany for purposes of the Estate Tax Treaty
at the time the gift was made, or at the time of the decedent’s death, and the ADRs or ordinary shares were not held in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in Germany. In general, the Estate Tax Treaty provides a credit
against the U.S. federal gift or estate tax liability for the amount of gift or inheritance tax paid in Germany, subject to certain limitations, in a case where the ADRs or ordinary shares are subject to German gift or inheritance tax and U.S.
federal gift or estate tax. Other German Taxes There are currently no German net worth, transfer, stamp or other similar taxes that would apply to a U.S. Holder on the acquisition, ownership, sale or other disposition of our ADRs or ordinary shares. U.S. Taxation The
following discussion applies to U.S. Holders only if the ADRs and ordinary shares are held as capital assets for tax purposes. It does not address tax considerations applicable to U.S. Holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such as
dealers or traders in securities, financial institutions, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, regulated investment companies, U.S. Holders that hold ordinary shares or ADRs as a part of a straddle, conversion transaction or other arrangement
involving more than one position, U.S. Holders that own (or are deemed for U.S. tax purposes to own) 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of voting stock of SAP AG, U.S. Holders that have a principal place of business or
“tax home” outside the United States or U.S. Holders whose “functional currency” is not the dollar and U.S. Holders that hold ADRs or ordinary shares through partnerships or other pass-through entities. The summary set out below is based upon the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the Treaty and regulations, rulings
and judicial decisions thereunder at the date of this report. Any such authority may be repealed, revoked or modified, potentially with retroactive effect, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below.
No assurance can be given that the conclusions set out below would be sustained by a court if challenged by the IRS. The discussion below is based, in part, on representations of the Depositary, and assumes that each obligation in the Deposit
Agreement and any related agreements will be performed in accordance with its terms. 107 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of ADRs will be considered to own the ordinary shares
represented thereby. Accordingly, unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to ordinary shares are deemed to refer likewise to ADRs representing an ownership interest in ordinary shares. U.S. Taxation of Dividends Subject to the discussion below under “Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations”, distributions made by SAP AG with respect to
ordinary shares (other than distributions in liquidation and certain distributions in redemption of stock), including the amount of German tax deemed to have been withheld in respect of such distributions, will generally be taxed to U.S. Holders as
ordinary dividend income. As discussed above, a U.S. Holder may obtain a refund of German withholding tax under the Treaty to the extent that
the German withholding tax exceeds 15% of the dividend distributed. Thus, for each US$100 of gross dividends paid by SAP AG to a U.S. Holder, the dividends (which are dependent on the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment) will be
initially subject to German withholding tax of US$25 plus US$1.375 solidarity surtax, and the U.S. Holder will receive US$73.625. A U.S. Holder who obtains the Treaty refund will receive from the German tax authorities an additional amount in euro
that would be equal to US$11.375. For U.S. tax purposes, such U.S. Holder will be considered to have received a total distribution of US$100, which will be deemed to have been subject to German withholding tax of US$15 (15% of US$100) resulting in
the net receipt of US$85 (provided the euro/dollar exchange rate at the time of payment of the dividend is the same as at the time of refund, otherwise the effective dividend may be higher or lower). In the case of a distribution in euro, the amount of the distribution generally will equal the dollar value of the euro distributed (determined by
reference to the spot currency exchange rate on the date of receipt of the distribution, or receipt by the Depositary in the case of a distribution on ADRs), regardless of whether the holder in fact converts the euro into dollars, and the U.S.
Holder will not realize any separate foreign currency gain or loss (except to the extent that such gain or loss arises on the actual disposition of foreign currency received). However, a U.S. Holder may be required to recognize foreign currency gain
or loss on the receipt of a refund in respect of German withholding tax to the extent the U.S. dollar value of the refund differs from the U.S. dollar equivalent of that amount on the date of receipt of the
underlying dividend. Dividends paid by SAP AG generally will constitute “portfolio income” for purposes of the limitations on the
use of passive activity losses (and, therefore, generally may not be offset by passive activity losses) and as “investment income” for purposes of the limitation on the deduction of investment interest expense. Dividends paid by SAP AG
will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to U.S. corporations under Section 243 of the Code. Dividends paid by SAP AG to an individual after December 31, 2002 are treated as “qualified
dividends” subject to capital gains rates, i.e. at a maximum rate of 15% if received prior to January 1, 2013 and 20% afterwards, if SAP AG was not in the prior year and, is not in the year in which the dividend is paid, a passive foreign
investment company (“PFIC”). Based on our audited financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we believe that we were not treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income taxes with respect to our 2012 tax year. In addition,
based on our audited financial statements and our current expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for the 2013
tax year. Beginning on January 1, 2013, dividend income may also be subject to tax on net investment income at a rate of 3.8%. U.S. Taxation of Capital Gains In general, assuming that SAP AG at no time is a PFIC, upon a sale or exchange of ordinary shares to a person other than SAP AG, a U.S. Holder will
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale or exchange and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ordinary shares. Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss and will be
considered a long-term capital gain (taxable at a reduced rate for individuals) if the ordinary shares were held for more than one year. Beginning on January 1, 2013, capital gains may also be subject to tax on net investment income at a rate
of 3.8%. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. Upon a sale of ordinary shares to SAP AG, a U.S. Holder may recognize a capital gain or loss or, alternatively, may be considered to have received a distribution
with 108 Table of Contents Part I Item 10 respect to the ordinary shares, in each case depending upon the application to such sale of the rules of Section 302 of the Code. Deposit and withdrawal of ordinary shares in exchange for ADRs by a U.S. Holder will not result in its realization of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding Dividend payments made to holders and proceeds paid from the sale of shares or ADRs are subject to information reporting to the Internal Revenue Service and will be subject to backup withholding taxes
(currently imposed at a 28% rate) unless the holder (i) is a corporation or other exempt recipient or (ii) provides a taxpayer identification number on a properly completed IRS Form W-9 and certifies that no loss of exemption from backup
withholding has occurred. Holders that are not U.S. persons are not subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, such a holder may be required to provide a certification of its non-U.S. status in connection with payments received
within the United States or through a U.S.-related financial intermediary. Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts
withheld as backup withholding may be credited against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. A holder may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for
refund with the Internal Revenue Service and furnishing any required information. Shareholders may be subject to other U.S. information
reporting requirements and should consult their own tax advisors for application of these reporting requirements to their own facts and circumstances. U.S. Foreign Tax Credit In general, in computing its U.S. federal income tax
liability, a U.S. Holder may elect for each taxable year to claim a deduction or, subject to the limitations on foreign tax credits generally, a credit for foreign income taxes paid or accrued by it. For U.S. foreign tax credit purposes, subject to
the applicable limitations under the foreign tax credit rules, German tax withheld from dividends paid to a U.S. Holder, up to the 15% provided under the Treaty, will be eligible for credit against the U.S. Holder’s federal income tax liability or, if the U.S. Holder has elected to deduct such taxes, may be deducted in computing taxable income. For U.S. foreign tax credit purposes, dividends paid by SAP AG generally will be treated as foreign-source income and as “passive category
income” (or in the case of certain holders, as “general category income”). Gains or losses realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale or exchange of ordinary shares generally will be treated as U.S.-source gain or loss. Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations Special and adverse U.S. tax rules apply to a U.S. Holder that holds an interest in a passive foreign investment company (PFIC). Based on current projections concerning the composition of SAP AG’s
income and assets, SAP AG does not believe that it will be treated as a PFIC for its current or future taxable years. However, because this conclusion is based on our current projections and expectations as to its future business activity, SAP AG
can provide no assurance that it will not be treated as a PFIC in respect of its current or any future taxable years. MATERIAL CONTRACTS SuccessFactors, Inc. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 3, 2011 by and among SAP America, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of SAP AG (SAP America), Saturn Expansion Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of SAP America (Saturn) and SuccessFactors, Inc. (SuccessFactors), Saturn commenced a cash tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of the common stock of SuccessFactors, par value US$0.001 per share (each a share), at a price
of US$40.00 per share, representing an enterprise value of approximately US$3.6 billion. On February 21, 2012, SAP acquired more than 90% of the outstanding ordinary shares of SuccessFactors. Subsequent to the acceptance of the shares for
payment under the tender offer, SAP effected a short-form merger under Delaware and acquired the remaining shares for the same US$40.00 per share price that was paid in the tender offer. The transaction was funded from SAP’s cash on hand and a
€1 billion credit facility. 109 Table of Contents Part I Item 10, 11, 12 The preceding description is a summary of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and is qualified in its entirety
by the Agreement and Plan of Merger which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by SuccessFactors on December 5, 2011. Ariba, Inc. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 22, 2012
by and among Ariba, Inc., SAP America, Inc. and Angel Expansion Corporation, (the “Merger Agreement”), on October 1, 2012 SAP America acquired Ariba, the leading cloud-based business commerce network, for US$45.00 per share,
representing an enterprise value of approximately US$4.3 billion. The acquisition combines Ariba’s successful buyer-seller collaboration network with SAP’s broad customer base and deep business process expertise to create new models for
business-to-business collaboration in the cloud. The transaction was funded from SAP’s free cash and a €2.4 billion term loan facility. The preceding description is a summary of the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the Merger Agreement which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC by Ariba, Inc. on May 22, 2012. See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – Liquidity and
Capital Disclosures”, for information on our credit facilities. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In accordance with these requirements, we file
reports and furnish other information as a foreign private issuer with the SEC. These materials, including this report and the exhibits thereto, may be inspected and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580,
Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains a Web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. This report as well as some of the other information submitted by us to
the SEC may be accessed through this Web site. In addition, information about us is available at our Web site: www.sap.com . ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to various financial risks, such as market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and
equity prices, as well as credit risk and liquidity risk. We manage these risks on a Group-wide basis. Selected derivatives are exclusively used for this purpose and not for speculation, which is defined as entering into derivative instruments
without a corresponding underlying transaction. Financial risk management is done centrally. See Notes (24), (25) and (26) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES Fees and Charges Payable by ADR Holders Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the
Depositary for SAP AG’s ADR program. ADR holders may be required to pay the following charges: • taxes and other governmental charges; • registration fees as may be in effect from time to time for the registration of transfers of SAP ordinary shares on any applicable register to the
Depositary or its nominee or the custodian or its nominee in connection with deposits or withdrawals under the Deposit Agreement; • applicable air courier, cable, telex and facsimile expenses of the Depositary; • expenses incurred by the Depositary in the conversion of foreign currency; • $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) to the Depositary for the execution and delivery of ADRs (including in connection with the depositing
of SAP ordinary shares or the exercising of rights) and the surrender of ADRs as well as for the distribution of other securities; 110 Table of Contents Part I Item 12 • a maximum aggregate service fee of US$2.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) per calendar year to the Depositary for the services performed by the
Depositary in administering the ADR program, including for processing any cash dividends and other cash distributions; and • $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) to the Depositary for distribution of securities other than SAP ordinary shares or rights. These charges are described more fully in Section 5.9 of the Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement dated
November 25, 2009, incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1.2 to our 2010 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the Commission on March 18, 2011. Applicable service fees are either deducted from any cash dividends or other cash distributions or charged separately to holders in a manner determined by the Depositary, depending on whether ADSs are
registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) or held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions of securities other than SAP ordinary shares or rights, the Depositary charges the
applicable ADS record date holder concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor, whether certificated or in book entry form, the Depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. For
ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts via DTC, the Depositary may, if permitted by the settlement systems provided by DTC, collect the fees through those settlement systems from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts.
The brokers and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in such case may in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the service fees paid to the Depositary. In the event of a refusal to pay applicable fees, the Depositary may refuse the requested services until
payment is received or may set off the amount of the service from any distribution to be made to the ADR holder, all in accordance with the Deposit Agreement. If any taxes or other governmental charges are payable by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the Depositary, the Depositary, the custodian or SAP may withhold or deduct from any distributions
made in respect of the deposited SAP ordinary share and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial owner any or all of the deposited ordinary shares and apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes (including
applicable interest and penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any deficiency. Fees and Other Payments Payable by the Depositary to SAP The Depositary has agreed to make certain payments to SAP as reimbursement for expenses incurred by SAP in connection with its ADR program and in support of SAP’s ongoing investor relations
activities related to the ADR program. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Depositary has made direct and indirect payments to SAP of US$2,632,581.79 for investor relations activities related to the ADR program, including the production
of annual reports and Form 20-F filings, 2012 NYSE listing fees, road shows, production of investor targeting, peer analysis, shareholder identification reports and perception studies, postage for mailing annual and interim reports and other
communications to ADR holders and participation in retail investor activities, broker conferences, SAP sponsored analyst events and capital markets days. 111 Table of Contents Part II Item 13, 14, 15,
16, 16A PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES None. ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of SAP that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by SAP in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by SAP in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to SAP management, including SAP’s principal executive and financial officers (i.e. SAP’s co-chief executive officers (Co-CEOs) and chief financial
officer (CFO)), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. SAP’s management evaluated, with the participation of SAP’s Co-CEOs and CFO the effectiveness of SAP’s
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2012. The evaluation was led by SAP’s Global Governance Risk & Compliance function, including dedicated “SOX Champions” in all of SAP’s major entities and
business units with the participation of process owners, SAP’s key corporate senior management, senior management of each business group, and as indicated above under the supervision of SAP’s Co-CEOs and CFO. Based on the foregoing,
SAP’s management, including SAP’s Co-CEOs and CFO, concluded that as of December 31, 2012, SAP’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of SAP is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. SAP’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of SAP’s Co-CEOs and CFO to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. SAP’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2012. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control – Integrated Framework.” Based on the assessment under these criteria, SAP management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2012, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective. KPMG, our independent registered public accounting firm has issued its attestation report on the
effectiveness of SAP’s internal control over financial reporting, which is included in Item 18. Financial Statements, “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.” CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. ITEM 16. [RESERVED] ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT Our Supervisory Board has determined that Erhard Schipporeit is an “audit committee 112 Table of Contents Part II Item 16A, 16B,
16C financial expert”, as defined by the regulations of the Commission issued pursuant to Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and meeting the requirements of Item 16A. He is
“independent”, as such term is defined in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. ITEM 16B. CODE OF
ETHICS In 2003, SAP adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all employees (including all personnel in the accounting and
controlling departments), managers and the members of SAP’s Executive Board (including our CEOs and CFO). Our Code of Business Conduct constitutes a “code of ethics” as defined in Item 16.B of Form 20-F. Our Code of Business
Conduct sets standards for all dealings with customers, partners, competitors and suppliers and includes, among others, regulations with regard to confidentiality, loyalty, preventing conflicts of interest, preventing bribery, and avoiding
anti-competitive practices. International differences in culture, language, and legal and social systems make the adoption of uniform Codes of Business Conduct across an entire global company challenging. As a result, SAP has set forth a master code
containing minimum standards. In turn, each company within the SAP Group has been required to adopt a similar code that meets at least these minimum standards, but may also include additional or more stringent rules of conduct. Newly acquired
companies also are required to meet the minimum standards set forth in the Code of Business Conduct. Effective February 2012, SAP amended its Code of Business Conduct to address certain changes in bribery laws, and to update the intellectual
property and non-retaliation provisions. We have made our amended Code of Business Conduct publicly available by posting the full text on our Web site under http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/policies-statutes.epx. ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES AUDIT FEES, AUDIT RELATED FEES, TAX FEES AND ALL OTHER FEES Refer to Note (31) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm,
KPMG, for audit services and other professional services. AUDIT COMMITTEE’S PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES AND PROCEDURES As required under German law, our shareholders appoint our external independent auditors to audit our financial statements, based on a proposal that is
legally required to be submitted by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board’s proposal is based on a proposal by the Audit Committee. See also the description in “Item 10. Additional Information – Corporate Governance.” In 2002 our Audit Committee adopted a policy with regard to the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services to be provided by our external
independent auditors. This policy, which is designed to assure that such engagements do not impair the independence of our auditors, was amended and expanded in 2003, 2007 and 2009 (changes in 2009 only related to information requirements). The
policy requires prior approval of the Audit Committee for all services to be provided by our external independent auditors for any entity of the SAP Group. With regard to non-audit services the policy distinguishes among three categories of
services: • (i) “Prohibited services:” This category includes services that our external independent auditors must not be engaged to perform. These are
services that are not permitted by applicable law or that would be inconsistent with maintaining the auditors’ independence. • (ii) “Services requiring universal approval:” Services of this category may be provided by our external independent auditors up to a certain
aggregate amount in fees per year that is determined by the Audit Committee. • (iii) “Services requiring individual approval:” Services of this category may only be provided by our external independent auditors if they
have been individually (specifically) pre-approved by the Audit Committee or an Audit Committee member who is authorized by the Audit Committee to make such approvals. Our Chief Accounting Officer or individuals empowered by him review all individual requests to engage our external independent auditors as a service provider in accordance with this policy and determines
the category to which the requested service belongs. All requests for engagements with expected fees over a specified limit are additionally reviewed by our CFO. Based on the determination of the category the request is 113 Table of Contents Part II Item 16C, 16D (i) declined if it is a “prohibited service,” (ii) approved if it is a “service requiring universal approval” and the maximum aggregate amount fixed by the Audit
Committee has not been reached or (iii) forwarded to the Audit Committee for individual approval if the “service requires individual approval” or is a “service requiring universal approval” and the maximum aggregate amount
fixed by the Audit Committee has been exceeded. Our Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies also include information requirements to
ensure the Audit Committee is kept aware of the volume of engagements involving our external independent auditors that were not individually pre-approved by the Audit Committee itself. Substantially all of the work performed to audit our Consolidated Financial Statements was performed by our principal accountant’s full-time, permanent employees. ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act requires that all members of our audit committee be independent, subject to certain exceptions. In accordance with German law, the Audit Committee consists of both employee and shareholder elected members. Rule 10A-3 provides an exception for an employee of a
foreign private issuer such as SAP who is not an executive officer of that issuer and who is elected to the supervisory board or audit committee of that issuer pursuant to the issuer’s governing law. In this case, the employee is exempt from
the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 and is permitted to sit on the audit committee. We rely on this exemption. Our Audit Committee
includes two members who are non-executive employees of SAP AG, Inga Wiele and Stefan Schulz, who were named to our Supervisory Board pursuant to the German Co-determination Act (see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees.”
for details). We believe that the reliance on this exemption does not materially adversely affect the ability of our Audit Committee to act independently and to satisfy the other requirements of Rule 10A-3. 114 Table of Contents Part II Item 16E, 16F,
16G ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS We did not purchase any ADRs in 2012. The following table sets out information concerning repurchases of our ordinary shares,
which we mainly use to serve our employee discount stock purchase programs, Long-Term Incentive Plans, Stock Option Plans and other such plans. The maximum number of shares that we were authorized to
repurchase under these plans and programs as of December 31, 2012 was 86,515,907. Period (a)Total Number of Shares Purchased (b)Average Price Paid per Share (in € ) (c)Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans and
Programs (d)Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under
these Plans and Programs January 1/1/12 – 1/31/12 190,000 45.74 190,000 85,082,342 February 2/1/12 – 2/28/12 910,000 48.64 910,000 85,184,921 March 3/1/12 – 3/31/12 0 – 0 85,213,701 April 4/1/12 – 4/30/12 0 – 0 85,246,300 May 5/1/12 – 5/31/12 0 – 0 85,280,215 June 6/1/12 – 6/30/12 0 – 0 86,225,823 July 7/1/12 – 7/31/12 0 – 0 86,258,552 August 8/1/12 – 8/31/12 0 – 0 86,289,354 September 9/1/12 – 9/30/12 0 – 0 86,413,029 October 10/1/12 – 10/31/12 0 – 0 86,443,467 November 11/1/12 – 11/30/12 0 – 0 86,472,799 December 12/1/12 – 12/31/12 0 – 0 86,515,907 Total 1,100,000 48.14 1,100,000 Purchases between January 1, 2012 and December 31, 2012 were made in accordance with the
authorization to acquire and use treasury shares granted at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 8 2010, pursuant to which the Executive Board was authorized to acquire, on or before June 30, 2013, up to 120 million
shares of SAP. The authorization from June 8, 2010 replaced the authorization from May 19, 2009. Both authorizations were subject
to the provision that the shares to be purchased, together with any other shares already acquired and held by SAP, do not account for more than 10% of SAP’s capital stock. ITEM 16F. CHANGES IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT Not applicable. ITEM 16G. DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES The following summarizes the principal ways in which our corporate governance practices differ from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) corporate
governance rules applicable to U.S. domestic issuers (the NYSE Rules). INTRODUCTION SAP is incorporated under the laws of Germany, with securities publicly traded on markets in Germany, including the Frankfurt Exchange and in the United
States on the NYSE. The NYSE Rules permit foreign private issuers to follow applicable home country corporate governance practices in lieu of
the NYSE corporate governance standards, subject to certain exceptions. Foreign private issuers electing to follow home country corporate governance rules are required to disclose the principal differences in their corporate governance practices
from those required under the NYSE Rules. This Item 16G 115 Table of Contents Part II Item 16G summarizes the principal ways in which SAP’s corporate governance practices differ from the NYSE Rules applicable to domestic issuers. LEGAL FRAMEWORK The primary source of law relating to the corporate governance of a German stock corporation is the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). Additionally, the Securities Trading Act
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), the German Securities Purchase and Take Over Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz), the Stock Exchange Admission Regulations, the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and certain other German statutes
contain corporate governance rules applicable to SAP. In addition to these mandatory rules, the German Corporate Governance Code (“GCGC”) summarizes the mandatory statutory corporate governance principles found in the German Stock
Corporation Act and other provisions of German law. Further, the GCGC contains supplemental recommendations and suggestions for standards on responsible corporate governance intended to reflect generally accepted best practices. The German Stock Corporation Act requires the executive and the supervisory board of publicly listed companies like SAP to declare annually that the
recommendations set forth in the GCGC have been and are being complied with or which of the recommendations have not been or are not being complied with and why not. SAP has disclosed and reasoned deviations from a few of the GCGC recommendations in
its Declaration of Implementation on a yearly basis since 2003. Declarations from 2007 forward are available on the SAP website (http://www.sap.com/corporate-en/investors/governance/policies-statutes.epx). SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES We believe the following to be the significant differences between German corporate governance practices, as SAP has implemented them, and those applicable to domestic companies under the NYSE Rules. GERMAN STOCK CORPORATIONS ARE REQUIRED TO HAVE A TWO-TIER BOARD SYSTEM SAP is governed by three separate bodies: (i) the Supervisory Board, which counsels, supervises and controls the Executive Board; (ii) the Executive Board, which is responsible for the management of SAP; and (iii) the General Meeting of Shareholders. The rules applicable to these
governing bodies are defined by German law and by SAP’s Articles of Incorporation. This corporate structure differs from the unitary board of directors established by the relevant laws of all U.S. states and the NYSE Rules. Under the German
Stock Corporation Act, the Supervisory Board and Executive Board are separate and no individual may be a member of both boards. See “Item 10. Additional Information – Corporate Governance” for additional information on the corporate
structure. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE RULES The NYSE Rules require that a majority of the members of the board of directors of a listed issuer and each member of its nominating, corporate governance, compensation and audit committee be
“independent.” The NYSE Rules stipulate that no director qualifies as “independent” unless the board of directors has made an affirmative determination that the director has no material direct or indirect relationship with the
listed company. However, under the NYSE Rules a director may still be deemed independent even if the director or a member of a director’s immediate family has received during a 12 month period within the prior three years up to $120,000 in
direct compensation. In addition, a director may also be deemed independent even if a member of the director’s immediate family works for the company’s auditor in a non-partner capacity and not on the company’s audit. By contrast, the
GCGC requires that the Supervisory Board ensure that proposed candidates are persons with the necessary knowledge, competencies and applicable experience, and that the Supervisory Board includes what it considers an adequate number of independent
members. A Supervisory Board member is considered independent if he or she has no business or personal relations with SAP or its Executive Board that could give rise to a conflict of interest. The members of the Supervisory Board must have enough
time to perform their board duties and must carry out their duties carefully and in good faith. For as long as they serve, they must comply with the criteria that are enumerated in relation to the selection of candidates for the Supervisory Board
concerning independence, conflict of interest and multiple memberships of management, supervisory and other governing bodies. They must be loyal to 116 Table of Contents Part II Item 16G SAP in their conduct and they must not accept appointment in companies that are in competition with SAP. Supervisory Board members must disclose any planned non-ordinary course business
transactions with SAP to the Supervisory Board promptly. The Supervisory Board members cannot carry out such transactions before the Supervisory Board has given its permission. The Supervisory Board may grant its permission for any such transaction
only if the transaction is based on terms and conditions that are standard for the type of transaction in question and if the transaction is not contrary to SAP’s interest. SAP complies with these GCGC director independence requirements. German corporate law requires that for publicly listed stock corporations at least one member of the Supervisory Board who has expert
knowledge in the areas of financial accounting and audit of financial statements must be independent. Mr. Erhard Schipporeit who is the Chairman of SAP’s Audit Committee meets these requirements. However, German corporate law and the GCGC
do not require the Supervisory Board to make an affirmative determination for each individual member that is independent or that a majority of Supervisory Board members or the members of a specific committee are independent. The NYSE independence requirements are closely linked with risks specific to unitary boards of directors that are customary for U.S. companies. In
contrast, the two-tier board structure requires a strict separation of the executive board and supervisory board. In addition, the supervisory board of large German stock corporations is subject to the principle of employee codetermination as
outlined in the German Co-Determination Act of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). As a result, the Supervisory Board of SAP AG consists of 16 members, of which eight have been elected by SAP AG’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and eight
members have been elected by employees of SAP AG and its German subsidiaries. Typically, the chairperson of the supervisory board is a shareholder representative. In case of a tie vote, the supervisory board chairperson may cast the decisive
tie-breaking vote. This board structure creates a different system of checks and balances, including employee participation, and cannot be directly compared with a unitary board system. AUDIT COMMITTEE INDEPENDENCE As a foreign private issuer, the NYSE Rules require SAP to establish an Audit Committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act
with respect to audit committee independence. SAP is in compliance with these requirements. The Chairman of SAP’s Audit Committee and Prof. Dr. Klaus Wucherer meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. The other
two Audit Committee members, Inga Wiele and Stefan Schulz, are employee representatives who are eligible for the exemption provided by Rule 10 A-3 (b) (1) (iv) (C) (see “Item 16D Exemptions from the listing standards for
audit committees” for details). The Audit Committee independence requirements are similar to the Board independence requirements under
German corporate law and GCGC. See the section above under “Director Independence Rules.” Nonetheless, SAP meets the NYSE Rules on audit committee independence applicable to foreign private issuers. RULES ON NON-MANAGEMENT BOARD MEETINGS ARE DIFFERENT Section 303 A.03 of the NYSE Rules stipulates that the non-management board of each listed issuer must meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without the management. Under German corporate
law and the GCGC the Supervisory Board is entitled but not required to exclude Executive Board members from its meetings. The Supervisory Board exercises this right generally during its meetings. RULES ON ESTABLISHING COMMITTEES DIFFER Pursuant to Section 303 A.04 and 303 A.05 of the NYSE Rules listed companies are required to set up a Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee, each composed entirely of
independent directors and having a written charter specifying the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. In addition, each committee’s performance must be reviewed annually. With one exception, German corporate law does not mandate the
creation of specific supervisory board committees. Required by the German Co-Determination Act of 1976 117 Table of Contents Part II Item 16G (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), the Mediation Committee (Vermittlungsausschuss) convenes only if the 2/3 majority required for appointing/revoking the appointment of Executive Board Members is not
attained. This committee has never been convened in SAP’s history. In addition, the GCGC recommends that the Supervisory Board establish an Audit Committee and a Nomination Committee. In addition to the legally required Mediation Committee, SAP
has the following committees, which are in compliance with the GCGC: General and Compensation Committee, Audit Committee, Strategy and Technology Committee, Finance and Investment Committee, Nomination Committee, and Special Committee (See
“Item 10. Additional Information — Corporate Governance” for more information). RULES ON
SHAREHOLDERS’ COMPULSORY APPROVAL ARE DIFFERENT Section 312 of the NYSE Rules requires U.S. companies to seek shareholder
approval of all equity-compensation plans, including certain material revisions thereto (subject to certain exemptions as described in the rules), issuances of common stock, including convertible stock, if the common stock has, or will have upon
issuance, voting power of or in excess of 20% of the then outstanding common stock, and issuances of common stock if they trigger a change of control. According to the German Stock Corporation Act and other applicable German laws, shareholder approval is required for a broad range of matters, such as amendments to the articles of association, certain
significant corporate transactions (including inter-company agreements and material restructurings), the offering of stock options and similar equity compensation to its Executive Board members or its employees by a way of a conditional capital increase or by using treasury shares (including significant aspects of such an equity compensation plan as well as the
exercise thresholds), the issuance of new shares, the authorization to purchase the corporation’s own shares, and other essential issues, such as transfers of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the stock corporation, including
shareholdings in subsidiaries. SPECIFIC PRINCIPLES OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Under the NYSE Rules Section 303A.09 listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate guidelines. Since October 2007, SAP has applied, with few
exceptions, the recommended corporate governance standards of the GCGC rather than company-specific principles of corporate governance. The GCGC recommendations differ from the NYSE Standards primarily as outlined in this Item 16G. SPECIFIC CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT NYSE Rules Section 303 A.10 requires listed companies to adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, and to disclose promptly any waivers of the
code for directors or executive officers. Although not required under German law, SAP has adopted a Code of Business Conduct, which is equally applicable to employees, managers and members of the Executive Board. SAP complies with the requirement to
disclose the Code of Business Conduct and any waivers of the code with respect to directors and executive officers. See “Item 16B. Code of Ethics” for details. 118 Table of Contents Part III Item 17, 18, 19 PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Consolidate Financial Statements are included herein on pages F-1 through F-99. The
following are filed as part of this report: • Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. • Consolidated Financial Statements • Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended 2012, 2011, and 2010. • Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. • Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2012 and 2011. • Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. • Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010. • Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 19. EXHIBITS The following documents are filed as exhibits to this report: 1 Articles of Incorporation (Satzung) of SAP AG, as amended effective November 20, 2012 (English translation). 2.1 Form of global share certificate for ordinary shares (English translation). (1) Certain instruments which define rights of holders of long-term debt of SAP AG and its subsidiaries are not being filed because the total amount of
securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10% of the total consolidated assets of SAP AG and its subsidiaries. SAP AG and its subsidiaries hereby agree to furnish a copy of each such instrument to the Securities and Exchange
Commission upon request. 4.1.2 Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement dated as of November 25, 2009 among SAP AG, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Depositary, and all owners and holders from time to
time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder, including the form of American Depositary
Receipts. (2) 4.8 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 3, 2011 by and among SAP America, Inc., Saturn Expansion Corporation, SAP AG and SuccessFactors, Inc. ( 3 ) 4.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 22, 2012 by and among Ariba, Inc., SAP America, Inc. and Angel Expansion Corporation ( 4 ) 8 For a list of our subsidiaries see Note (33) to our Consolidated Financial Statements in “Item 18. Financial Statements”. 12.1 Certification of Bill McDermott, Co-Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 12.2 Certification of Jim Hagemann Snabe, Co-Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 12.3 Certification of Werner Brandt, Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 119 Table of Contents Part III Item 19 13.1 Certification of Bill McDermott, Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 13.2 Certification of Jim Hagemann Snabe, Co-Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 13.3 Certification of Werner Brandt, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 15 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of SAP AG’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on March 22, 2006. (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(A) of Post Effective Amendment #1 to SAP AG’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on
November 25, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to SuccessFactors, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2011. (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Ariba, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2012. 120 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The Registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this report on its behalf. SAP AG (Registrant) By: /s/  BILL MCDERMOTT Name: Bill McDermott Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 21, 2013 By: /s/  JIM HAGEMANN SNABE Name: Jim Hagemann Snabe Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 21, 2013 By: /s/  WERNER BRANDT Name: Dr. Werner Brandt Title: Chief Financial Officer Dated: March 21, 2013 121 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended 2012, 2011 and 2010 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and
2010 F-7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-99 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM The Supervisory Board of SAP AG: We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of SAP AG and subsidiaries (“SAP” or “the Company”) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the
related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2012. We also have audited SAP’s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). SAP’s management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of SAP AG and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2012, in conformity
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Also in our opinion, SAP AG maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2012, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. /s/  KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Mannheim, Germany February 21, 2013 F-2 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS OF SAP GROUP for the years ended December 31, Note (Unaudited) 2012 (1) 2012 2011 2010 US$ € € € millions, unless otherwise stated Software 6,142 4,658 4,107 3,410 Cloud subscriptions and support 356 270 18 14 Software and cloud subscriptions 6,498 4,928 4,125 3,424 Support 10,861 8,237 7,194 6,370 Software and software-related service revenue 17,359 13,165 11,319 9,794 Consulting 3,220 2,442 2,341 2,197 Other services 812 616 573 473 Professional services and other service revenue 4,032 3,058 2,914 2,670 Total revenue (5 ) 21,392 16,223 14,233 12,464 Cost of software and software-related services –3,364 –2,551 –2,107 –1,823 Cost of professional services and other services –3,315 –2,514 –2,248 –2,071 Total cost of revenue – 6,679 – 5,065 – 4,355 – 3,894 Gross profit 14,713 11,158 9,878 8,570 Research and development –2,971 –2,253 –1,939 –1,729 Sales and marketing –5,152 –3,907 –3,081 –2,645 General and administration –1,249 –947 –715 –636 Restructuring –11 –8 –4 3 TomorrowNow litigation (23 ) 0 0 717 –981 Other operating income/expense, net (6 ) 30 23 25 9 Total operating expenses – 16,032 – 12,158 – 9,352 – 9,873 Operating profit 5,360 4,065 4,881 2,591 Other non-operating income/expense, net (8 ) –228 –173 –75 –186 Finance income 141 107 123 73 Finance costs TomorrowNow litigation –1 –1 8 –12 Other finance costs –229 –174 –169 –128 Finance costs –231 –175 –161 –140 Financial income, net (9 ) – 90 – 68 – 38 – 67 Profit before tax 5,042 3,824 4,768 2,338 Income tax TomorrowNow litigation 0 0 –281 377 Other income tax expense –1,319 –1,000 –1,048 –902 Income tax expense (10 ) –1,319 –1,000 –1,329 –525 Profit after tax 3,722 2,823 3,439 1,813 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests 0 0 1 2 Profit attributable to owners of parent 3,722 2,823 3,438 1,811 Basic earnings per share, in € (11 ) 3.13 2.37 2.89 1.52 Diluted earnings per share, in € (11 ) 3.12 2.37 2.89 1.52 (1) The 2012 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the
reader at an exchange rate of US$1.3186 to €1.00, the Noon Buying Rate certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2012. The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-3 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF SAP GROUP for the years ended December 31, Notes 2012 2011 2010 € millions Profit after tax 2,823 3,439 1,813 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans (18 ) –12 –12 –39 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified (10 ) 4 5 18 Other comprehensive income after tax for items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss – 8 – 7 – 21 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (20 ) Exchange differences on translations –214 106 193 Available-for-sale financial assets (26 ) 13 –7 3 Cash flow hedges (25 ) 63 –1 –21 Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified (10 ) –20 7 0 Other comprehensive income after tax for items that will be reclassified to profit or loss – 157 105 175 Other comprehensive income net of tax – 165 98 154 Total comprehensive income 2,658 3,537 1,967 attributable to owners of parent 2,658 3,536 1,965 attributable to non-controlling interests 0 1 2 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-4 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF SAP GROUP as at December 31, Note (Unaudited) 2012 (1) 2012 2011 US$ € € millions Cash and cash equivalents 3,266 2,477 4,965 Other financial assets (12 ) 203 154 817 Trade and other receivables (13 ) 5,165 3,917 3,493 Other non-financial assets (14 ) 388 294 187 Tax assets 206 156 207 Total current assets 9,228 6,998 9,669 Goodwill (15 ) 17,503 13,274 8,711 Intangible assets (15 ) 4,264 3,234 2,024 Property, plant, and equipment (16 ) 2,252 1,708 1,551 Other financial assets (12 ) 835 633 538 Trade and other receivables (13 ) 116 88 84 Other non-financial assets (14 ) 90 68 39 Tax assets 224 170 146 Deferred tax assets (10 ) 870 660 465 Total non-current assets 26,156 19,836 13,558 Total assets 35,385 26,835 23,227 Trade and other payables (17 ) 1,147 870 937 Tax liabilities 674 511 409 Financial liabilities (17 ) 1,058 802 1,331 Other non-financial liabilities (17 ) 2,817 2,136 1,981 Provision TomorrowNow litigation (23 ) 309 234 231 Other provisions 926 702 331 Provisions (18 ) 1,234 936 562 Deferred income (19 ) 1,828 1,386 1,046 Total current liabilities 8,757 6,641 6,266 Trade and other payables (17 ) 83 63 43 Tax liabilities 512 388 408 Financial liabilities (17 ) 5,862 4,446 2,925 Other non-financial liabilities (17 ) 129 98 92 Provisions (18 ) 518 393 268 Deferred tax liabilities (10 ) 757 574 474 Deferred income (19 ) 82 62 44 Total non-current liabilities 7,942 6,023 4,254 Total liabilities 16,699 12,664 10,520 Issued capital 1,621 1,229 1,228 Share premium 649 492 419 Retained earnings 18,425 13,973 12,466 Other components of equity –256 –194 –37 Treasury shares –1,763 –1,337 –1,377 Equity attributable to owners of parent 18,675 14,163 12,699 Non-controlling interests 11 8 8 Total equity (20 ) 18,686 14,171 12,707 Equity and liabilities 35,385 26,835 23,227 (1) The 2012 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the reader at an exchange rate of US$1.3186 to €1.00, the Noon Buying Rate
certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2012. The accompanying Notes are
an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-5 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF SAP GROUP as at December 31, Equity Attributable to Owners of Parent Issued Capital Share Premium Retained Earnings Other Components of Equity Treasury Shares Total Non- Controlling Interests Total Equity Exchange Differences Available- for-Sale Financial Assets Cash Flow Hedges € millions Note reference (20 ) (20 ) (20 ) Statement of Comprehensive Income (20 ) January 1, 2010 1,226 317 8,571 – 319 13 – 11 – 1,320 8,477 14 8,491 Profit after tax 1,811 1,811 2 1,813 Other comprehensive income –21 188 3 –16 154 154 Comprehensive income 0 0 1,790 188 3 – 16 0 1,965 2 1,967 Share-based payments 2 2 2 Dividends –594 –594 – 594 Issuance of shares under share-based payments 1 23 24 24 Purchase of treasury shares –220 –220 – 220 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments –5 158 153 153 Other 0 1 1 December 31, 2010 1,227 337 9,767 – 131 16 – 27 – 1,382 9,807 17 9,824 Profit after tax 3,438 3,438 1 3,439 Other comprehensive income –7 112 –7 0 98 98 Comprehensive income 0 0 3,431 112 – 7 0 0 3,536 1 3,537 Share-based payments 9 9 9 Dividends –713 –713 – 713 Issuance of shares under share-based payments 1 46 47 47 Purchase of treasury shares –246 –246 – 246 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 27 251 278 278 Change in non-controlling interests –19 –19 –10 –29 December 31, 2011 1,228 419 12,466 – 19 9 – 27 – 1,377 12,699 8 12,707 Profit after tax 2,823 2,823 0 2,823 Other comprehensive income –8 –217 13 47 –165 –165 Comprehensive income 0 0 2,815 – 217 13 47 0 2,658 0 2,658 Share-based payments 41 41 41 Dividends –1,310 –1,310 – 1,310 Issuance of shares under share-based payments 1 14 15 15 Purchase of treasury shares –53 –53 – 53 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 18 93 111 111 Other 2 2 0 2 December 31, 2012 1,229 492 13,973 – 236 22 20 – 1,337 14,163 8 14,171 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-6 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS OF SAP GROUP as at December 31, Notes (Unaudited) 2012 (1) 2012 2011 2010 US$ € € € millions Profit after tax 3,722 2,823 3,439 1,813 Adjustments to reconcile profit after taxes to net cash flow provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (15),(16 ) 1,138 863 724 534 Income tax expense (10 ) 1,319 1,000 1,329 525 Financial income, net (9 ) 90 68 38 67 Decrease/increase in sales and bad debt allowances on trade receivables –33 –25 –18 –49 Other adjustments for non-cash items 41 31 14 29 Decrease/increase in trade and other receivables –393 –298 –426 –123 Decrease/increase in other assets –45 –34 –59 –122 Decrease/increase in trade payables, provisions, and other liabilities 538 408 –380 1,116 Decrease/increase in deferred income 203 154 121 66 Cash outflows due to TomorrowNow litigation (23 ) 9 7 –52 –102 Interest paid –218 –165 –139 –66 Interest received 121 92 92 52 Income taxes paid, net of refunds –1,453 –1,102 –908 –818 Net cash flows from operating activities 5,040 3,822 3,775 2,922 Business combinations, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (4 ) –8,036 –6,094 –188 –4,194 Purchase of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment –713 –541 –445 –334 Proceeds from sales of intangible assets or property, plant, and equipment 51 39 55 44 Purchase of equity or debt instruments of other entities –1,348 –1,022 –2,046 –842 Proceeds from sales of equity or debt instruments of other entities 2,181 1,654 1,398 1,332 Net cash flows from investing activities – 7,864 – 5,964 – 1,226 – 3,994 Purchase of non-controlling interests 0 0 –28 0 Dividends paid (21 ) –1,727 –1,310 –713 –594 Purchase of treasury shares (21 ) –70 –53 –246 –220 Proceeds from reissuance of treasury shares 119 90 251 127 Proceeds from issuing shares (share-based payments) 20 15 46 23 Proceeds from borrowings 7,619 5,778 519 5,380 Repayments of borrowings –6,216 –4,714 –1,005 –2,196 Net cash flows from financing activities – 256 – 194 – 1,176 2,520 Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents – 200 – 152 74 186 Net decrease/increase in cash and cash equivalents – 3,281 – 2,488 1,447 1,634 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period (21 ) 6,547 4,965 3,518 1,884 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (21 ) 3,266 2,477 4,965 3,518 (1) The 2012 figures have been translated solely for the convenience of the reader at an exchange rate of US$1.3186 to €1.00, the Noon Buying Rate
certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2012. The accompanying Notes are
an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. F-7 Table of Contents SAP AG AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (1) General Information about Consolidated Financial Statements The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of SAP AG and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,”
“our,” “SAP,” “Group,” and “Company”) have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The designation “IFRS” includes all standards issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and related interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC). We have applied all standards and interpretations that were effective on and endorsed by the European Union (EU) as at December 31, 2012. There were no standards or interpretations impacting our
Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, that were effective but not yet endorsed. Therefore our Consolidated Financial Statements comply with both IFRS as issued by the IASB and with IFRS as
endorsed by the EU. Our Executive Board approved the Consolidated Financial Statements on February 21, 2013, for submission to our
Supervisory Board. All amounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are reported in millions of euros
(€ millions) except where otherwise stated. Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this document may not add up precisely to the totals we provide and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures. (2) Scope of Consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements include SAP AG and all subsidiaries of SAP AG. Subsidiaries are all entities that are controlled
directly or indirectly by SAP AG. The financial statements of SAP AG and its subsidiaries used in the preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements have December 31 as their reporting date. All financial statements were prepared applying the same IFRS Group accounting policies. Intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
transactions between entities of the SAP Group are eliminated in full. The following table summarizes the
changes in the number of entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Entities Consolidated in the Financial Statements German Foreign Total December 31, 2010 21 182 203 Additions 4 9 13 Disposals –2 –15 –17 December 31, 2011 23 176 199 Additions 4 92 96 Disposals –5 –23 –28 December 31, 2012 22 245 267 The additions relate to legal entities added in connection with acquisitions and foundations. The disposals
are due to sales, mergers, and liquidations of consolidated or acquired legal entities. In 2012, we acquired SuccessFactors (in February
2012) and Ariba (in October 2012), which are both individually significant to some positions in our financial statements and may affect comparability of our 2012 Consolidated Financial Statements with our 2011 and 2010 Consolidated
Financial Statements. For more information about our business combinations and the effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note (4). F-8 Table of Contents (3) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (3a) Bases of Measurement The
Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the following: • Derivative financial instruments, available-for-sale financial assets (except for investments in certain equity instruments without a quoted market
price), and liabilities for cash-settled share-based payments are measured at fair value. • Foreign exchange receivables and payables are translated at period-end exchange rates. • Post-employment benefits are measured according to IAS 19 (Employee Benefits) as described in Note (18a). Where applicable, information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the respective measurement bases is disclosed in the Notes specific
to that asset or liability. (3b) Relevant Accounting Policies Reclassifications We have reclassified
certain revenue items in our consolidated income statements to provide additional transparency into our revenues from software and software-related services, particularly with respect to revenue generated from cloud subscription and support. Revenue
from cloud subscriptions and related support are no longer included in the line item Subscription and other software-related service revenue, but are presented as a separate line item within Software and software-related service revenue. We also
present a separate subtotal for software and cloud subscription revenue within the line item Software and software-related service revenue. Additionally we have split up revenues from multi-year licensing arrangements and all other revenues thus far
included in the Subscription and other software-related service revenue into their software portion and support portion and reclassified them accordingly to the Software revenue line item (2011: €136 million; 2010: €145 million) and
Support revenue line item (2011: €227 million; 2010: €237 million) respectively. As a consequence of this reclassification, the Subscription and other software-related service revenue line item no longer exists. Comparative amounts for prior periods presented have been reclassified accordingly to conform with the current presentation. Business Combinations and Goodwill Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as at the closing date, which is the date on which the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree. The consideration transferred in an
acquisition is measured at the fair value of the assets transferred and liabilities incurred at the date of transfer of control. Settlements of preexisting relationships are not included in the consideration transferred. Such amounts are recognized
in profit and loss. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination (including contingent consideration) are measured at their acquisition-date fair values. Changes in contingent consideration classified as a liability
at the acquisition date are recognized in profit and loss provided they do not occur during the measurement period. We decide on a transaction-by-transaction basis whether to measure the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value
or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Where a business combination is achieved in stages, SAP recognizes the gain or loss from remeasuring the equity interest to fair value in finance income.
Acquisition-related costs are accounted as expense in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received, with the expense being classified as General and administration expense. The excess of the consideration transferred in a business combination over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as
goodwill. With respect to at-equity investments, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Foreign Currencies Assets
and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries that use a functional currency other than the euro are translated at the closing rate at the date of the Statement of Financial Position. Income and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange
computed on a monthly basis. All resulting exchange differences are recognized in F-9 Table of Contents other comprehensive income. Exchange differences from monetary items denominated in foreign currency transactions that are part of a long-term investment (that is, settlement is neither planned
nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future) are also included in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is disposed of, liquidated, or abandoned, the foreign currency translation adjustments applicable to that entity are
reclassified from other comprehensive income to profit or loss. On initial recognition, foreign currency transactions are recorded in the
respective functional currencies of Group entities by applying to the foreign currency amount the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured at the
period-end closing rate. Resulting exchange differences are recognized, in the period in which they arise, in other non-operating expense, net in the Consolidated Income Statements. Operating cash flows of foreign subsidiaries are translated into euros using average rates of exchange computed on a monthly basis. Investing and financing cash flows of foreign subsidiaries are
translated into euros using the exchange rates in effect at the time of the respective transaction. The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is reported in a separate line item in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Any goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising
from the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the respective closing rates. The exchange rates of key currencies
affecting the Company were as follows: Exchange Rates Closing Rate as at December 31 Annual Average Exchange Rate Equivalent to € 1 2012 2011 2012 2011 2010 U.S. dollar USD 1.3194 1.2939 1.2862 1.3863 1.3201 Pound sterling GBP 0.8161 0.8353 0.8104 0.8656 0.8570 Japanese yen JPY 113.61 100.20 103.05 110.17 115.07 Swiss franc CHF 1.2072 1.2156 1.2055 1.2299 1.3699 Canadian dollar CAD 1.3137 1.3215 1.2843 1.3739 1.3583 Australian dollar AUD 1.2712 1.2723 1.2419 1.3436 1.4198 Revenue Recognition We derive our revenue from fees charged to our customers for (a) licenses to our on-premise software products, (b) the use of our hosted cloud subscription software offerings and
(c) support, consulting, development, training, and other services. The majority of our software arrangements include support services, and many also include professional services and other elements. Software and software-related service revenue, as shown in our Consolidated Income Statements, is the sum of our Software revenue, our Support revenue
and our Cloud subscriptions and support revenue. Professional services and other service revenue as shown in our Consolidated Income Statements is the sum of our Consulting revenue and Other service revenue. Other service revenue as shown in our
Consolidated Income Statements mainly consists of revenue from training services, messaging services, and SAP marketing events. Revenue information by segment and geographic region is disclosed in Note (28). If, for any of our product or service offerings, we determine at the outset of an arrangement that the
amount of revenue cannot be measured reliably, we conclude that the inflow of economic benefits associated with the transaction is not probable, and we defer revenue until the arrangement fee becomes due and payable by the customer. If, at the
outset of an arrangement, we determine that collectability is not probable, we conclude that the inflow of economic benefits associated with the transaction is not probable, and we defer revenue recognition until the earlier of when collectability
becomes probable or payment is received. If collectability becomes unlikely before all revenue from an arrangement is recognized, we recognize revenue only to the extent of the fees that are successfully collected unless collectability becomes
reasonably assured again. If a customer is specifically identified as a bad debtor, we stop recognizing revenue from this customer except to the extent of the fees that have already been collected. F-10 Table of Contents We account for out-of-pocket expenses invoiced by SAP and reimbursed by customers as support, cloud
subscription and support, consulting, or other service revenue, depending on the nature of the service for which the out-of-pocket expenses were incurred. Software revenue represents fees earned from the sale or license of software to customers for use on the customer’s premises, in other words, where the customer has the right to take posession of the
software for installation on the customer’s premises (on-premise software). Revenue from the sale of perpetual licenses of our standard software products is recognized in line with the requirements for selling goods stated in IAS 18 (Revenue)
when evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer, the amount of revenue and associated costs can be measured reliably, and collection of the related receivable is
reasonably assured. The fee of the sale is recognized net of returns and allowances, trade discounts, and volume rebates. We usually sell or
license on-premise software on a perpetual basis. Occasionally, we license on-premise software for a specified period of time. Revenue from short-term time-based licenses, which usually include support services during the license period, is
recognized ratably over the license term. Revenue from multi-year time-based licenses that include support services, whether separately priced or not, is recognized ratably over the license term unless a substantive support service renewal rate
exists; if this is the case, the amount allocated to the delivered software is recognized as software revenue based on the residual method once the basic criteria described above have been met. In general, our software license agreements do not include acceptance-testing provisions. If an arrangement allows for customer acceptance-testing of the
software, we defer revenue until the earlier of customer acceptance or when the acceptance right lapses. We usually recognize revenue from
on-premise software arrangements involving resellers on evidence of sell-through by the reseller to the end-customer, because the inflow of the economic benefits associated with the arrangements to us is not probable before sell-through has
occurred. Sometimes we enter into customer-specific on-premise software development agreements. We recognize software revenue in connection
with these arrangements using the
percentage-of- completion method based on contract costs incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated contract costs required to complete the development work. If we do not have a sufficient basis to
reasonably measure the progress of completion or to estimate the total contract revenue and costs, revenue is recognized only to the extent of the contract costs incurred for which we believe recoverability to be probable. When it becomes probable
that total contract costs exceed total contract revenue in an arrangement, the expected losses are recognized immediately as an expense based on the costs attributable to the contract. On-premise software subscription contracts combine software and support service elements, as under these contracts the customer is provided with current software products, rights to receive unspecified
future software products, and rights to support services during the on-premise software subscription term. Customers pay a periodic fee for a defined subscription term, and we recognize such fees ratably over the term of the arrangement beginning
with the delivery of the first product. Revenue from on-premise software subscription contracts is allocated to the Software revenue and Support revenue line items in our Consolidated Income Statements. On-premise software rental contracts also combine software and support service elements. Under such contracts the customer is provided with current
software products and support, but not with the right to receive unspecified future software products. Customers pay a periodic fee over the rental term and we recognize fees from software rental contracts ratably over the term of the arrangement.
Revenue from rental contracts is split to be allocated to the Software revenue and Support revenue line items in our Consolidated Income Statements. Support revenue represents fees earned from providing customers with unspecified future software updates, upgrades, and enhancements, and technical product support for on-premise software products. We
recognize support revenue based on our performance under the support arrangements. Under our major support services our performance obligation is to stand ready to provide technical product support and to provide unspecified updates and enhancements
on a when-and-if-available basis. For these support services we recognize revenue ratably over the term of the support arrangement. We do not separately sell technical product support or unspecified software upgrades, updates, and enhancements.
Accordingly, we do not distinguish F-11 Table of Contents within software and software-related service revenue or within cost of software and software-related services the amounts attributable to technical support services and unspecified software
upgrades, updates, and enhancements. Revenue from cloud subscriptions and support relates to arrangements that provide the customer with the
right to use certain software functionality hosted by SAP, but do not include the right to terminate the hosting contract and take possession of the software without significant penalty. Cloud subscription and support revenue is recognized as the
services are performed. Where a fixed fee is agreed for the right to continuously access and use a cloud offering for a certain term, the fee is recognized ratably over the term covered by the fixed fee. Fees that are based on actual transaction
volumes are recognized as the transactions occur. We recognize consulting and other service revenue when the services are performed.
Consulting revenue primarily results from implementation contracts to install and configure our software products and cloud offerings. Usually, our consulting contracts do not involve significant production, modification, or customization of
software and the related revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting as outlined above. Other service
revenue consists of fees from training services, application management services (AMS), messaging services, revenue from SAP marketing events, and referral fees. Training services provide educational services to customers and partners regarding the
use of our software products. We recognize training revenue when the services are rendered. Our AMS contracts provide post-implementation application support, optimization, and improvements to a customer’s IT solution. We recognize revenue from
AMS services when the services are rendered. Messaging revenue mainly represents fees earned from transmitting electronic text messages from one mobile phone provider to another. We recognize revenue from message services based upon the number of
messages successfully processed and delivered. Revenue from fixed-price messaging arrangements is recognized ratably over the contractual term of the arrangement. Revenue from marketing events hosted by SAP, for which SAP sells tickets to its
customers, is recognized after the marketing event takes place. Fees from referral services are commissions from partners to which we have referred customers. We recognize these fees in revenue upon providing the referral service. The majority of our arrangements contain multiple elements. We account for software, support, cloud
subscription, consulting and other service deliverables as separate units of accounting and allocate revenue based on fair value. Fair value is determined by establishing either company-specific objective evidence, or an estimated stand-alone
selling price. Revenue from multiple-element arrangements is allocated to the different elements based on their individual fair values. The
revenue amounts allocated to the individual elements are recognized when the revenue recognition criteria described above have been met for the respective element. We determine the fair value of and allocate revenue to each element based on its company-specific objective evidence of fair value, which is the price charged when that element is sold separately or, for
elements not yet sold separately, the price established by our management if it is probable that the price will not change before the element is sold separately. Where we fail to establish such company-specific objective evidence of fair value for
one or more elements of an arrangement, we proceed as follows: • We apply the residual method of revenue recognition when company-specific objective evidence of fair value exists for all of the undelivered elements
in the arrangement, but does not exist for one or more delivered elements. This is generally the case in multiple-element arrangements involving on-premise software and services related to on-premise software where company-specific objective
evidence of fair value exists for all the services (for example, support services, consulting services) in the arrangement, but does not exist for the on-premise software. Under the residual method, revenue is allocated to all undelivered elements
in the amount of their respective fair values and the remaining amount of the arrangement fee is allocated to the delivered element. With this policy we have considered the guidance provided by FASB ASC Subtopic 985-605, Software Revenue Recognition
(FASB ASC 985-605), where applicable, as authorized by IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (IAS 8). • Where company-specific objective evidence of fair value cannot be established for undelivered elements, we determine the fair value of the respective
element by estimating its stand-alone selling price. This is generally the case for our cloud subscription offerings. F-12 Table of Contents We derive the company-specific objective evidence of fair value for our support services from the rates
charged to renew the support services annually after an initial period. Such renewal rates generally represent a fixed percentage of the discounted software license fee charged to the customer. The majority of our customers renew their annual
support service contracts at these rates. Estimated stand-alone selling price (ESP) for our cloud subscription offerings is determined based on the rates agreed with the individual customers to apply if and when the subscription arrangement renews.
We determine ESP for all deliverables for which we do not have company-specific objective evidence of fair value or third-party evidence of selling price by considering multiple factors which include, but are not limited to, the following: i)
substantive renewal rates contained within an arrangement for cloud subscription deliverables; ii) gross margin objectives and internal costs for services; and iii) pricing practices, market conditions, and competitive landscape. We consider FASB ASC 985-605 in our accounting for options that entitle the customer to purchase, in the future, additional on-premise software. We
allocate revenue to future incremental discounts whenever customers are granted the right to license additional on-premise software at a higher discount than the one given within the initial software license arrangement, or to purchase or renew
services at rates below the fair values established for these services. Our consideration of whether on-premise software, consulting or other
services, or cloud subscriptions and services are to be accounted for separately or as one combined element of the arrangement depends on: • Whether the arrangement involves significant production, modification, or customization of the software or cloud subscription, and • Whether the services are not available from third-party vendors and are therefore deemed essential to the software. If neither of the above is the case, revenue for the on-premise software or cloud subscription element, and the other elements, are recognized
separately. In contrast, if one or both of the above applies, the respective elements of the arrangement are combined and accounted for as a single unit of accounting, and the portion of the arrangement fee allocated to this single unit of account
is recognized using the
percentage-of- completion method, as outlined above, or over the cloud subscription term, if applicable, depending on which service term is longer. Our contributions to resellers that allow our resellers to execute qualified and approved marketing activities are recognized as an offset to revenue, unless we obtain a separate identifiable benefit for
the contribution, and the fair value of the benefit is reasonably estimable. Cost of Software and Software-Related Services Cost of software and software-related services includes the cost incurred in producing the goods and providing the services that generate
software and software-related service revenue. Consequently this line item includes employee expenses relating to these services, amortization of acquired intangibles, third-party licenses, shipping and ramp-up cost, and so on. Cost of Professional Services and Other Services Cost of professional services and other services includes the cost incurred in providing the services that generate professional service and other service revenue including messaging revenues. The item
also includes sales and marketing expenses related to our professional services and other services that result from sales and marketing efforts that cannot be clearly separated from providing the services. Research and Development Research and
development includes the costs incurred by activities related to the development of software solutions (new products, updates, and enhancements) including resource and hardware costs for the development systems. Development activities involve the application of research findings or other knowledge to a plan or design of new or substantially improved software
products before the start of commercial use. Development expenditures are capitalized only if all of the following criteria are met: • The development cost can be measured reliably. • The product is technically and commercially feasible. F-13 Table of Contents • Future economic benefits are probable. • We intend to complete development and market the product. We have determined that the conditions for recognizing internally generated intangible assets from our software development activities are not met until shortly before the products are available for sale.
Development costs incurred after the recognition criteria are met have not been material. Consequently, all research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing includes costs incurred for the selling and
marketing activities related to our software solutions, software-related service portfolio, and cloud business. General and Administration General and administration includes costs related to finance and administrative functions, human resources, and general management as
long as they are not directly attributable to one of the other operating expense line items. Leases We are a lessee of property, plant, and equipment, mainly buildings, hardware, and vehicles, under operating leases that do not transfer to us the
substantive risks and rewards of ownership. Rent expense on operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease including renewal terms if, at inception of the lease, renewal is reasonably assured. Some of our operating leases contain lessee incentives, such as up-front payments of costs or free or reduced periods of rent. The incentives are
amortized over the life of the lease and the rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. The same applies to contractually-agreed future increases of rents. Income Tax Deferred taxes are
accounted for under the liability method. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position and their respective tax bases and on the carryforwards of unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, and unused tax credits can be utilized. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
reporting period. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in profit or loss, unless related to items directly recognized in equity, in the period of (substantive) enactment. The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. Share-Based Payments Share-based
payments cover cash-settled and equity-settled awards issued to our employees. The fair values of both equity-settled and cash-settled awards are measured at grant date using an option-pricing model. The fair value of equity-settled awards is not subsequently remeasured. The grant-date fair value of equity-settled awards is recognized as personnel
expense in profit or loss over the period in which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the rights, with a corresponding increase in share premium. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of
equity-settled awards that ultimately vest. We grant our employees discounts on certain share-based payments. Since those discounts are not dependent on future services to be provided by our employees, the discount is recognized as an expense when
the rights are granted. For the share-based payments that are settled by paying cash rather than by issuing equity instruments, a provision
is recorded for the rights granted reflecting the vested portion of the fair value of the rights at the reporting date. Personnel expense is accrued over the period the beneficiaries are expected to perform the related service (vesting period), with
a corresponding increase in provisions. F-14 Table of Contents Cash-settled awards are remeasured to fair value at each Statement of Financial Position date until the award is settled. Any changes in the fair value of the provision are recognized as
personnel expense in profit or loss. The amount of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based payments granted under our cash-settled plans is dependent on the final intrinsic value of the awards. The amount of unrecognized
compensation expense is dependent on the future price of our ordinary shares which we cannot reasonably predict. In the event we hedge our
exposure to cash-settled awards, changes in the fair value of the respective hedging instruments are also recognized as personnel expense in profit or loss. The fair values for hedged programs are based on market data reflecting current market
expectations. For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). Other Components of Equity Other components of equity include: • Currency effects arising from the translation of the financial statements of our foreign operations as well as the currency effects from intercompany
long-term monetary items for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future • Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale financial assets • Gains and losses on cash flow hedges comprising the net change in fair value of the effective portion of the respective cash flow hedges that have not
yet impacted profit or loss Treasury Shares Treasury shares are recorded at acquisition cost and are presented as a deduction from total equity. Gains and losses on the subsequent reissuance of treasury shares are credited or charged to share
premium on an after-tax basis. On cancellation of treasury shares, any excess of their carrying amount over the calculated par value is charged to retained earnings. Earnings per Share We present basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS). Basic earnings
per share is determined by dividing profit after tax attributable to equity holders of SAP AG by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the respective year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the
potential dilution assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The average market value of the Company’s shares for purposes of calculating the dilutive effect of share options is based on market prices for the period
during which the options were outstanding. Financial Assets Our financial assets comprise cash and cash equivalents (highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less), loans and receivables, acquired equity and debt investments, and
derivative financial instruments (derivatives) with positive fair values. These assets are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 39
(Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement ). Accordingly, financial assets are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position if we have a contractual right to receive cash or other financial assets from another entity.
Regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recorded at the trade date. Financial assets are initially recognized at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable
transaction costs. Interest-free or below-market-rate loans and receivables are initially measured at the present value of the expected future cash flows. The subsequent measurement depends on the classification of our financial assets to the
following categories according to IAS 39: • Loans and receivables: Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are neither quoted in an
active market nor intended to be sold in the near term. This category comprises trade receivables, receivables and loans included in other financial assets, and cash and cash equivalents. We carry loans and receivables at amortized cost less
impairment losses. For further information on trade receivables, see the Trade and Other Receivables section. • Available-for-sale financial assets: Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivative financial assets that are not assigned to either of the two
other categories and mainly include equity investments and debt investments. If readily determinable from market data, available-for-sale financial assets are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value being reported net of F-15 Table of Contents tax in other comprehensive income. Fair value changes are not recognized in profit or loss until the assets are sold or impaired. Available-for-sale financial assets for which no market price is
available and whose fair value cannot be reliably estimated in the absence of an active market are carried at cost less impairment losses. • Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss comprise only those financial assets that
are held for trading, as we do not designate financial assets at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition. This category solely contains embedded and freestanding derivatives with positive fair values, except where hedge accounting
is applied. All changes in the fair value of financial assets in this category are immediately recognized in profit or loss. For more information about derivatives, see the Derivatives section. All financial assets not accounted for at fair value through profit or loss are assessed for impairment at each reporting date or if we become aware of
objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Objective evidence includes but is not limited to a significant or prolonged decline of the fair value
below its carrying amount, a high probability of insolvency, or a material breach of contract by the issuer such as a significant delay or a shortfall in payments due. Impairment losses in the amount of the difference of an asset’s carrying
amount and the present value of the expected future cash flows or current fair value, respectively, are recognized in Finance income, net. For available-for-sale financial assets such impairment losses directly reduce an asset’s carrying
amount, while impairments on loans and receivables are recorded using allowance accounts. Account balances are charged off against the respective allowance after all collection efforts have been exhausted and the likelihood of recovery is considered
remote. Impairment losses are reversed if the reason for the original impairment loss no longer exists. No such reversals are made for available-for-sale equity investments. Income/expenses and gains/losses on financial assets consist of impairment losses and reversals, interest income and expenses, dividends, and gains and losses from the disposal of such assets. Dividend
income is recognized when earned. Interest income is recognized based on the effective interest method. Neither dividend nor interest income is included in net gains/losses at the time of disposal of an asset. Financial assets are derecognized when contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets
expire or the financial assets are transferred together with all material risks and benefits. Investments in Associates Companies in which we do not have control, but over which we can exercise significant operating and financial influence (associates), are accounted for
using the equity method. Derivatives We account for derivatives and hedging activities in accordance with IAS 39 at fair value. Derivatives Without Designated Hedge Relationship Many transactions constitute economic hedges, and therefore contribute effectively to the securing of financial risks but do not qualify for hedge accounting under IAS 39. For the hedging of currency
risks inherent in foreign currency denominated and recognized monetary assets and liabilities, we do not designate our held-for-trading derivative financial instruments as accounting hedges, as the realized profits and losses from the underlying
transactions are recognized in profit or loss in the same periods as the realized profits or losses from the derivatives. Embedded
Derivatives We occasionally have contracts that require payment streams in currencies other than the functional currency of either
party to the contract. Such embedded foreign currency derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the following are met: • The economic characteristics and risks of the host contract and the embedded derivative are not closely related. • A separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative. • The combined instrument is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. F-16 Table of Contents Derivatives with Designated Cash Flow Hedge Relationship Derivatives that are part of a hedging relationship that qualifies for hedge accounting under IAS 39 are carried at their fair value. We designate and
document the hedge relationship, including the nature of the risk, the identification of the hedged item, the hedging instrument, and how we will assess the hedge effectiveness. The accounting for changes in fair value of the hedging instrument
depends on the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The effective portion of the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative instrument determined to be an effective hedge is recognized in other comprehensive income. We subsequently reclassify
the portion of gains or losses from other comprehensive income to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss. The ineffective portion of gains or losses is recognized in profit or loss immediately. For more information about
our hedges, see Note (25). Valuation and Testing of Effectiveness The fair value of our derivatives is calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using relevant interest rates, and spot rates over the remaining lifetime of the contracts. Gains or losses on the spot price and the intrinsic values of the derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges are recognized directly in
other comprehensive income, while gains and losses on the interest element and on those time values excluded from the hedging relationship are recognized in profit or loss immediately. The effectiveness of the hedging relationship is tested prospectively and retrospectively. Prospectively, we apply the critical terms match for our foreign currency hedges as currencies, maturities, and
the amounts are identical for the forecasted transactions and the spot element of the forward exchange rate contract or intrinsic value of the currency options, respectively. For interest rate swaps, we also apply the critical terms match as the
notional amounts, currencies, maturities, basis of the variable legs (EURIBOR), reset dates, and the dates of the interest and principal payments are identical for the debt instrument and the corresponding interest rate swaps. Therefore, over the
life of the hedging instrument, the changes in cash flows of the hedging relationship components will offset the impact of fluctuations of the underlying forecasted transactions. Retrospectively, effectiveness is tested on a cumulative basis applying the dollar offset method by using
the hypothetical derivative method. Under this approach, the change in fair value of a constructed hypothetical derivative with terms reflecting the relevant terms of the hedged item is compared to the change in the fair value of the hedging
instrument employing its relevant terms. The hedge is deemed highly effective if the results are within the range 80% to 125%. Trade and
Other Receivables Trade receivables are recorded at invoiced amounts less sales allowances and allowances for doubtful accounts. We
record these allowances based on a specific review of all significant outstanding invoices. When analyzing the recoverability of our trade receivables, we consider the following factors: • First, we consider the financial solvency of specific customers and record an allowance for specific customer balances when we believe it is probable
that we will not collect the amount due according to the contractual terms of the arrangement. • Second, we evaluate homogenous portfolios of trade receivables according to their default risk primarily based on the age of the receivable and
historical loss experience, but also taking into consideration general market factors that might impact our trade receivable portfolio. We record a general bad debt allowance to record impairment losses for a portfolio of trade receivables when we
believe that the age of the receivables indicates that it is probable that a loss has occurred and we will not collect some or all of the amounts due. Account balances are written off, that is, charged off against the allowance after all collection efforts have been exhausted and the likelihood of recovery is considered remote. In our Consolidated Income Statements, expenses from recording bad debt allowances for a portfolio of trade receivables are classified as other operating
income, net, whereas expenses from recording bad debt allowances for specific customer balances are classified as cost of software and software-related services or cost of professional services and other services, depending on the transaction from
which the respective trade receivable results. Sales allowances are recorded as an offset to the respective revenue item. F-17 Table of Contents Included in trade receivables are unbilled receivables related to fixed-fee and time-and-material
consulting arrangements for contract work performed to date. Other Non-Financial Assets Other non-financial assets are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. Intangible Assets We classify
intangible assets according to their nature and use in our operation. Software and database licenses consist primarily of technology for internal use, whereas acquired technology consists primarily of purchased software to be incorporated into our
product offerings and in-process research and development. Customer relationship and other intangibles consist primarily of customer contracts and acquired trademark licenses. Purchased intangible assets with finite useful lives are recorded at acquisition cost and are amortized either based on expected usage or on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging
from two to 16 years. All of our intangible assets, with the exception of goodwill, have finite useful lives and are therefore subject to amortization. We recognize acquired in-process research and development projects as an intangible asset separate from
goodwill if a project meets the definition of an asset. Amortization for these intangible assets starts when the projects are complete and the developed software is taken to the market. We typically amortize these intangibles over five to seven
years. Amortization expenses of intangible assets are classified as cost of software and software-related services, cost of professional
services and other services, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administration depending on their use. Property, Plant, and Equipment Property, plant, and equipment are carried at acquisition cost plus the fair value of related asset retirement costs, if any and if reasonably estimable,
and less accumulated depreciation. Interest incurred during the construction of qualifying assets is capitalized and amortized over the related assets’ estimated useful lives. Property, plant, and equipment are depreciated over their expected useful lives, generally using the straight-line method. Useful Lives of Property, Plant,
and Equipment Useful Lives of 
Property, Plant, and Equipment Buildings 25 to 50 years Leasehold improvements Based on the lease contract Information technology equipment 3 to 5 years Office furniture 4 to 20 years Automobiles 4 to 5 years Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the term of the
lease or the useful life of the asset. If a renewal option exists, the term used reflects the additional time covered by the option if exercise is reasonably assured when the leasehold improvement is first put into operation. Impairment of Goodwill and Non-Current Assets We test goodwill for impairment at least annually and when events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated to
is less than its carrying value. The recoverable amount of goodwill is estimated each year at the same time. The goodwill impairment test
is performed at the level of our operating segments since there are no lower levels in SAP at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the operating segments that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the
carrying amount of the operating segment to which the goodwill is allocated exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment loss on goodwill allocated to this operating segment is recognized. The recoverable amount is the higher of the operating
segment’s fair value less cost to sell (FVLCS) and its value in use. FVLCS is the F-18 Table of Contents amount obtainable from the sale of an asset or cash generating unit in an arm’s length transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties, less the cost of disposal. Value in use is the
present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash-generating unit. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed in future. We review non-current assets, such as property, plant, equipment, and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of
assets may not be recoverable. Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually. For the purpose of impairment
testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. If assets
do not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, the impairment test is not performed at an individual asset level; instead, it is performed at the level of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to
which the asset belongs. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or its CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Impairment losses are
recognized in other operating income, net in profit or loss. Impairment losses for non-current assets recognized in the prior periods are
assessed at each reporting date for indicators that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. Accordingly, if there is an indication that the reasons that caused the impairment no longer exist, we would consider the need to reverse all or a
portion of the impairment through profit or loss. Contingent Assets We carry insurance policies amongst others to offset the expenses associated with defending against litigation matters as well as other risks. To mitigate the risk of customer default, our trade
receivables are partially covered by merchandise credit insurance. We recognize the respective reimbursements in profit or loss when it is virtually certain that the reimbursement will be received and retained by us. Liabilities Financial Liabilities Financial liabilities include trade and other payables, bank loans, issued bonds, private placements and other financial liabilities which comprise
derivative and non-derivative financial liabilities. Financial liabilities are recognized and measured in accordance with IAS 39.
Accordingly, they are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements if we have a contractual obligation to transfer cash or another financial asset to another party. Financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair value. In the case of
financial liabilities not at fair value through profit or loss, this includes directly attributable transaction costs. If material, financial liabilities are discounted to present value based on prevailing market rates adjusted for credit risk, with
the discount being recognized over time as interest expense. The subsequent measurement depends on the allocation of financial liabilities to the following categories according to IAS 39: • Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss only comprise those financial liabilities that are held for trading, as we do not designate
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition. This category solely contains embedded and other derivatives with negative fair values, except where hedge accounting is applied. All changes in the fair value of
financial liabilities in this category are immediately recognized in profit or loss. For more information about derivatives, see the Derivatives section. • Financial liabilities at amortized cost include all non-derivative financial liabilities not quoted in an active market which are measured at amortized
cost using the effective interest method. Expenses and gains/losses on financial liabilities consist of interest expenses,
and gains and losses from the disposal of such liabilities. Interest expense is recognized based on the effective interest method. Financial
liabilities are derecognized when the contractual obligation is discharged, canceled, or has expired. F-19 Table of Contents Non-Financial Liabilities Other non-financial liabilities with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market are mainly the result of obligations to employees and fiscal authorities and are generally
measured at amortized cost. Provisions Provisions are recorded when all of the following conditions are met: • It is more likely than not that we have a legal or constructive obligation to third parties as a result of a past event. • The amount can be reasonably estimated. • It is probable that there will be an outflow of future economic benefits to settle the obligation, while there may be uncertainty about the timing or
amount of the future expenditure required in the settlement. We regularly adjust provisions as further information becomes
available or circumstances change. Non-current provisions are reported at the present value of their expected settlement amounts as at the reporting date. Discount rates are regularly adjusted to current market interest rates. Post-Employment Benefits We measure
our pension-benefit liabilities and other post-employment benefits based on actuarial computations using the projected-unit-credit method in accordance with IAS 19. The assumptions used to calculate pension liabilities and costs are disclosed in
Note (18a). As a result of the actuarial calculation for each plan, we recognize an asset or liability for the overfunded or underfunded status of the respective defined benefit plan. We classify a portion of the liability as current (determined on
a plan-by-plan basis) if the amount by which the actuarial present value of benefits included in the benefit obligation payable within the next 12 months exceeds the fair value of plan assets. Changes in the amount of the defined benefit obligation
or plan assets resulting from demographic and financial data different than originally assumed and from changes in assumptions can result in actuarial gains and losses. We recognize all actuarial gains and losses directly in retained earnings. SAP’s pension benefits are classified as defined contribution plans if the payment to a separate fund
relieves SAP of all obligations from the pension plan. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an expense in profit or loss when paid or due. Certain of our foreign subsidiaries are required to provide termination indemnity benefits to their employees regardless of the reason for termination (retirement, voluntary, or involuntary). We treat
these plans as defined benefit pension plans if the substance of the post-employment plan is a pension-type arrangement. Most of these arrangements provide the employee with a one-time payout based on compensation levels, age, and years of service
on termination independent of the reason (retirement, voluntary, or involuntary). Deferred Income Deferred income is recognized as software revenue, support revenue, cloud subscription and support revenue, consulting revenue, development revenue,
training revenue, or other service revenue, depending on the reasons for the deferral, once the basic applicable revenue recognition criteria have been met, for example, when the related services are performed or when the discounts are used. Presentation in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows We classify interest and taxes paid as well as interest and dividends received as cash flows from operating activities. Dividends paid are classified as cash flows from financing activities. (3c) Management Judgments and Sources of Estimation Uncertainty The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our
judgments, estimates, and assumptions on historical and forecast information, as well as regional and industry economic conditions in which we or our customers F-20 Table of Contents operate, changes to which could adversely affect our estimates. Although we believe we have made reasonable estimates about the ultimate resolution of the underlying uncertainties, no assurance
can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results could differ from original estimates. The accounting policies that most frequently require us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and therefore are critical to understanding our
results of operations, include the following: • Revenue recognition • Valuation of trade receivables • Accounting for share-based payments • Accounting for income tax • Accounting for business combinations • Subsequent accounting for goodwill and other intangibles • Accounting for legal contingencies • Recognition of internally generated intangible assets from development Our management periodically discusses these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. Revenue Recognition As described in the Revenue Recognition section of Note (3b), we do
not recognize revenue before persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer, the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, and collection of the related
receivable is reasonably assured. The determination of whether the amount of revenue can be measured reliably or whether the fees are collectible is inherently judgmental as it requires estimates as to whether and to what extent subsequent
concessions may be granted to customers and whether the customer is expected to pay the contractual fees. The timing and amount of revenue recognition can vary depending on what assessments have been made. In most of our revenue-generating arrangements we sell to the customer more than one product solution or
service. Additionally, we have ongoing relationships with many of our customers and often enter into several transactions with the same customer within close proximity in time. We therefore have to determine the following: • Which arrangements with the same customer are to be accounted for as one arrangement • Which deliverables under one arrangement are to be accounted for separately • How to allocate the total arrangement fee to the individual elements of one arrangement The determination of whether different arrangements with the same customer are to be accounted for as one arrangement is highly judgmental, as it
requires us to evaluate whether the arrangements are negotiated together or linked in any other way. The timing and amount of revenue recognition can vary depending on whether two arrangements are accounted for separately or as one arrangement. Under an arrangement including on-premise software, or cloud subscription, and other deliverables, we do not account for the on-premise
software, or cloud subscription, and the other deliverables separately if one of the other deliverables (such as consulting services) is deemed to be essential to the functionality of the on-premise software, or cloud subscription. The determination
whether an undelivered element is essential to the functionality of the delivered element requires the use of judgment. The timing and amount of revenue recognition can vary depending on how that judgment is exercised, because revenue may be
recognized over a longer service term. We also do not account separately for different deliverables under an arrangement if we have no basis
for allocating the overall arrangement fee to the different elements of the arrangement. However, we believe that such allocation basis exists if we can demonstrate for each undelivered element of the arrangement either company-specific objective
evidence of fair value, or for cloud subscription deliverables, estimated stand-alone selling price, if company-specific objective evidence of fair value cannot be established, as further defined in the Revenue Recognition section F-21 Table of Contents of Note (3b). Judgment is required in the determination of an appropriate fair value measurement which may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized depending on the following: • Whether an appropriate measurement of fair value can be demonstrated for undelivered elements • The approaches used to establish fair value Additionally, our revenue for on-premise software contracts would be significantly different if we applied a revenue allocation policy other than the residual method. Revenue from consulting, other professional services, and customer-specific on-premise software development projects is determined by applying the
percentage-of-completion method. The percentage-of-completion method requires us to make estimates about total revenue, total cost to complete the project, and the stage of completion. The assumptions, estimates, and uncertainties inherent in
determining the stage of completion affect the timing and amounts of revenue recognized and expenses reported. If we do not have a sufficient basis to measure the progress of completion or to estimate the total contract revenue and costs, revenue
recognition is limited to the amount of contract costs incurred. The determination of whether a sufficient basis to measure the progress of completion exists is judgmental. Changes in estimates of progress towards completion and of contract revenue
and contract costs are accounted for as cumulative catch-up adjustments to the reported revenue for the applicable contract. Valuation of
Trade Receivables As described in the Trade and Other Receivables section in Note (3b), we account for impairments of trade receivables
by recording sales allowances and allowances for doubtful accounts on an individual receivable basis and on a portfolio basis. The assessment of whether a receivable is collectible is inherently judgmental and requires the use of assumptions about
customer defaults that could change significantly. Judgment is required when we evaluate available information about a particular customer’s financial situation to determine whether it is probable that a credit loss will occur and the amount of
such loss is reasonably estimable and thus an allowance for that specific account is necessary. Basing the general allowance for the remaining receivables on our historical loss experience, too, is highly judgmental, as history may not be indicative of future development, particularly in the global economic circumstances resulting from the recent
global financial crisis. Changes in our estimates about the allowance for doubtful accounts could materially impact the reported assets and expenses in our financial statements, and our profit could be adversely affected if actual credit losses
exceed our estimates. To mitigate this risk, our trade receivables are partially covered by merchandise credit insurance. Accounting for
Share-Based Payments As described in Note (27), we have issued both equity-settled, as well as cash-settled share-based payments. We use certain assumptions in estimating the fair values for our share-based payments, including expected future stock price volatility and
expected option life (which represents our estimate of the average amount of time remaining until the options are exercised or expire unexercised). In addition, the final payout for these plans also depends on our share price at the respective
exercise dates. All these assumptions may significantly impact the fair value determination and thus the amount and timing of our share-based payment expense. Furthermore, the fair values of the options granted under our 2009 Plan (SOP PP) are
dependent on our performance against the Tech Peer Group Index (TechPGI) since the respective grant date, the volatility and the expected correlation between the market price of this index, and our share price. For the purpose of determining the estimated fair value of our stock options, we believe expected volatility is the most sensitive assumption. Regarding
future payout under the plans, the price of SAP’s shares will be the most relevant factor. The fair values of the Restricted Share Units (RSUs) granted under our Employee Participation Plan (EPP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTI) 2015 depend
on SAP’s share price directly after the announcement of the preliminary fourth quarter and full-year results for the last financial year of the respective performance period under the EPP (three-year-holding period under the LTI 2015), and thus
may be significantly above or below the budgeted amounts. With respect to our plan granted in 2009 (SOP PP), we believe that future payout will be significantly impacted not only by our share price but also by the requirement to outperform the
TechPGI. Changes F-22 Table of Contents in these factors could significantly affect the estimated fair values as calculated by the option-pricing model, and the future payout. For more information about these plans, see Note (27). Accounting for Income Tax We conduct operations and earn income in numerous foreign countries and are subject to changing tax laws in multiple jurisdictions within the countries
in which we operate. Our ordinary business activities also include transactions where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain, such as those involving revenue sharing and cost reimbursement arrangements between SAP Group entities. In addition, the
amount of income tax we pay is generally subject to ongoing audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, judgment is necessary in determining our worldwide income tax provisions. We have made reasonable estimates about the ultimate
resolution of our tax uncertainties based on current tax laws and our interpretation thereof. Such judgment can have a material effect on our income tax expense, income tax provision, and profit after tax. The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the benefit of part or all of the deferred tax assets to be utilized. This assessment requires management judgment, estimates, and assumptions. In evaluating our ability to utilize our
deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are recoverable. Our judgment
regarding future taxable income is based on expectations of market conditions and other facts and circumstances. Any adverse change to the underlying facts or our estimates and assumptions could require that we reduce the carrying amount of our net
deferred tax assets. For more information about our income tax, see Note (10). Accounting for Business Combinations In our accounting for business combinations,
judgment is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable, and should be recorded separately from goodwill. Additionally, estimating the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed involves considerable management judgment. The necessary measurements are based on information available at the acquisition date and are based
on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management. These judgments, estimates, and assumptions can materially affect our financial position and profit for several reasons, among which are the following: • Fair values assigned to assets subject to depreciation and amortization affect the amounts of depreciation and amortization to be recorded in operating
profit in the periods following the acquisition. • Subsequent negative changes in the estimated fair values of assets may result in additional expense from impairment charges. • Subsequent changes in the estimated fair values of liabilities and provisions may result in additional expense (if increasing the estimated fair value)
or additional income (if decreasing the estimated fair value). Subsequent Accounting for Goodwill and Other Intangibles As described in the Intangible Assets section in Note (3b), all our intangible assets other than goodwill have finite useful lives.
Consequently, the depreciable amount of the intangible assets is allocated on a systematic basis over their useful lives. Judgment is required in determining the following: • The useful life of an intangible asset, as this determination is based on our estimates regarding the period over which the intangible asset is
expected to produce economic benefits to us. • The amortization method, as IFRS requires the straight-line method to be used unless we can reliably determine the pattern in which the asset’s
future economic benefits are expected to be consumed by us. Both the amortization period and the amortization method have
an impact on the amortization expense that is recorded in each period. In making impairment assessments for our intangible assets and
goodwill, the outcome of these tests is highly dependent on management’s F-23 Table of Contents latest estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flow projections and economic risks, which are complex and require significant judgment and assumptions about future developments. They can
be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business strategy, our internal forecasts, and an estimate of our weighted-average cost of capital. Due to these factors, actual cash flows and values could vary significantly from the
forecasted future cash flows and related values derived using the discounted cash flow method. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could
materially affect our financial position and profit. The results of goodwill impairment tests may depend on the allocation of goodwill to our
operating segments. This allocation is judgmental as it is based on our estimates regarding which operating segments are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. We recognized no impairment losses on our goodwill and no significant impairment losses on our intangible assets during 2012. Although we do not currently have an indication of any significant impairment,
there can be no assurance that impairment losses will not occur in the future. For more information, see Note (15). Accounting for Legal
Contingencies As described in Note (23), we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We review the status of each
significant matter not less frequently than each quarter and assess our potential financial and business exposures related to such matters. Significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a provision is to be recorded and what the
appropriate amount for such provision should be. Notably, judgment is required in the following: • Determining whether an obligation exists • Determining the probability of outflow of economic benefits • Determining whether the amount of an obligation is estimable • Estimating the obligation Due to uncertainties relating to these matters, provisions are based on the best information available at the time. At the end of each reporting period, we reassess the potential obligations related to our pending claims
and litigation and adjust our respective provisions to reflect the current best estimate. In addition, we monitor and evaluate new information that we receive after the end of the respective reporting period but before the Consolidated Financial
Statements are authorized for issue to determine whether this provides additional information regarding conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. Such revisions to our estimates of the potential obligations could have a material
impact on our financial position and profit. The change in the provision for the TomorrowNow litigation had a material impact on our 2010 and 2011 consolidated financial statements. For further information about this case, see Notes (18b) and
(23). Recognition of Internally Generated Intangible Assets from Development Under IAS 38, internally generated intangible assets from the development phase are recognized if certain conditions are met. These conditions include the technical feasibility, intention to complete, the
ability to use or sell the asset under development, and the demonstration of how the asset will generate probable future economic benefits. The cost of a recognized internally generated intangible asset comprises all directly attributable cost
necessary to make the asset capable of being used as intended by management. In contrast, all expenditures arising from the research phase are expensed as incurred. We believe that determining whether internally generated intangible assets from development are to be recognized as intangible assets requires significant judgment, particularly in the following areas: • Determining whether activities should be considered research activities or development activities. • Determining whether the conditions for recognizing an intangible asset are met requires assumptions about future market conditions, customer demand and
other developments. • The term “technical feasibility” is not defined in IFRS, and therefore determining whether the completion of an asset is technically feasible
requires judgment and a company-specific approach. F-24 Table of Contents • Determining the future ability to use or sell the intangible asset arising from the development and the determination of the probability of future
benefits from sale or use. • Determining whether a cost is directly or indirectly attributable to an intangible asset and whether a cost is necessary for completing a development. We have determined that the conditions for recognizing internally generated intangible assets from our software development
activities are not met until shortly before the developed products are available for sale. This assessment is monitored by us on a regular basis. (3d) New Accounting Standards Adopted in the Current Period The new accounting standards adopted in fiscal year 2012 did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The amendments to IFRS 7 (Financial Instruments: Disclosures) detailing
additional disclosures for certain transfers of financial assets have so far not necessitated any additional disclosures on our part. (3e) New Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted The standards and interpretations (relevant to the Group) that are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the Group’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Group intends
to adopt these standards, if applicable, when they become effective: • Amendments to IFRS 7 (Financial Instruments: Disclosures) – Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities, which become mandatory for our
2013 Consolidated Financial Statements and require entities to disclose gross amounts subject to rights of set-off, amounts set off in accordance with the accounting standards followed, and the related net credit exposure and which might result in
additional disclosures in the future. • IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments), which becomes mandatory for our 2015 Consolidated Financial Statements and is expected to impact the classification and
measurement of financial assets. We have not yet completed the determination of the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. • IFRS 10 (Consolidated Financial Statements), IFRS 11 (Joint Arrangements), and IFRS 12 (Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities) including amendments
to the transition guidance for IFRS 10-12 issued in June 2012: This new set of standards provides a single consolidation model that identifies control as the basis for consolidation for all types of entities, establishes principles for the financial
reporting by parties to a joint arrangement, and combines, enhances and replaces the current disclosure requirements for subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates and unconsolidated structured entities. As a consequence of these new IFRSs, the
IASB also issued amended and retitled IAS 27 (Separate Financial Statements) and IAS 28 (Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures). We will adopt the new set of standards for our 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements. The adoption of these
standards will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. • IFRS 13 (Fair Value Measurement) defines fair value, sets out in a single IFRS a framework for measuring fair value, and requires disclosures about
fair value measurements. The new standard becomes mandatory for our 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements and is not expected to have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. • Amendments to IAS 1 (Presentation of Financial Statements), which become mandatory for the Group’s 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements, aim to
improve and align the presentation of items of other comprehensive income in financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS and U.S. GAAP, and will impact the presentation of items within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
While not early-adopting the amendments to IAS 1, SAP already provides additional disclosures to enhance the reader’s insight into which elements of SAP’s cumulative other comprehensive income will, through recycling, impact profit or loss
in the future. • Amendments to IAS 19 (Employee Benefits), which become mandatory for our 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements, aim to improve the understanding of
how defined benefit plans affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows, and are likely to impact, for example, the amount of actuarial gains and losses that will impact profit and loss versus be allocated to
other comprehensive income as remeasurements. The application of the revised standard will mainly F-25 Table of Contents result in more types of obligations qualifying as “other long-term employee benefits” and additional disclosures. • Amendments to IAS 32 (Financial Instruments: Presentation) – Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities, which become mandatory for the Group’s 2014 Consolidated Financial Statements, aim to eliminate inconsistencies when applying the offsetting criteria and include some clarifications. We have not yet completed the
determination of the extent of the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. (4) Business Combinations In 2012, we concluded the following business combinations: Acquired Businesses Sector Acquisition Type Acquired Voting Interest Acquisition Date Purisma Inc, Short Hills, NJ, USA Master Data Management Solution Business Asset Deal n/a January 18, 2012 Datango AG, Berlin, Germany Solution for Workforce Performance Support Asset Deal n/a February 7, 2012 SuccessFactors, Inc, San Mateo, CA, USA Provider of cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions Share Deal 100% February 21, 2012 Syclo LLC, Hoffman Estates, Il, USA Provider of enterprise mobile applications and technologies Share Deal 100% June 6, 2012 Ariba, Inc., Sunnyvale, CA, USA Provider of cloud-based business network solution Share Deal 100% October 1, 2012 In 2012, SuccessFactors and Ariba were material business combinations to SAP; the remaining business
combinations were immaterial individually and in the aggregate. We acquire businesses in specific areas of strategic interest to us. In 2012, we complemented our existing product portfolio primarily with the acquisition of cloud and mobile
solutions. Acquisition of SuccessFactors On February 21, 2012, we acquired more than 90% of the outstanding ordinary shares of SuccessFactors, Inc. (NYSE: SFSF). After the acceptance of the tender offer, we effected a short-form merger and
acquired the remaining shares. SAP paid US$40.00 per share, representing consideration transferred of approximately €2.7 billion. SuccessFactors is a provider of cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions. As a result of the acquisition, we established ourselves as a provider of cloud applications, platforms, and infrastructure and were able to establish an advanced end-to-end offering of cloud and
on-premise solutions for managing all relevant business processes. Acquisition of Ariba On October 1, 2012, we acquired Ariba, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARBA), a leading cloud-based business network. SAP offered US$45.00 per share, representing
consideration transferred of approximately €3.5 billion. The acquisition combines Ariba’s buyer-seller collaboration network with
SAP’s broad customer base and business process expertise to create new models for business-to-business collaboration in the cloud. F-26 Table of Contents Financial Impact of Our Acquisitions as of the Acquisition Date The following tables summarize the consideration transferred, and the values for identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as of the
acquisition date. Consideration Transferred € millions 2012 Thereof SuccessFactors Thereof Ariba Cash 6,237 2,659 3,424 Liabilities incurred 158 59 91 Total consideration transferred 6,395 2,717 3,515 Of the total amount of liabilities incurred, €144 million relate to the earned portion of
unvested share-based payment awards. These liabilities were incurred, by replacing, upon acquisition, equity-settled share-based payment awards held by employees of SuccessFactors and Ariba with cash-settled share-based payment awards, which are
subject to forfeiture. The potential amounts of all future payments that SAP could be required to make under these share-based payments is between €90 million and €158 million. The respective liabilities represent the portion of
the replacement awards that relates to pre-acquisition services provided by the acquiree’s employees and were measured, at the fair value determined under IFRS 2 as required by IFRS 3. For more information about these share-based payments, see Note (27). The acquisition-related costs incurred totaled €26 million in 2012 for our 2012 business combinations, all of which were recognized in general and administration expense. The initial accounting for the Ariba acquisition is provisional in our financial statements with respect to tax-related assets and liabilities,
contingent liabilities, as well as litigation and similar liabilities, as we are still validating our valuation assumptions. Recognized Amounts of Identifiable
Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed € millions Total Thereof SuccessFactors Thereof Ariba Cash and cash equivalents 249 80 168 Other financial assets 52 9 43 Trade and other receivables 134 60 72 Other non-financial assets 26 12 14 Property, plant, and equipment 36 10 25 Intangible assets 1,734 786 901 Thereof customer relationship and other intangibles 1,152 493 646 Customer relationship 939 400 528 Trade name 48 24 23 Other intangible assets 165 69 94 Thereof acquired technology 578 290 255 Thereof software and database licenses 4 3 0 Current and deferred tax assets 68 7 59 Total identifiable assets 2,299 965 1,282 Trade accounts payable 68 23 43 Loans and borrowings 1 1 0 Current and deferred tax liabilities 159 152 7 Provisions and other non-financial liabilities 103 33 67 Deferred revenue 212 132 77 Total identifiable liabilities 543 341 194 Total identifiable net assets 1,756 624 1,088 Goodwill 4,639 2,094 2,427 Total consideration transferred 6,395 2,717 3,515 F-27 Table of Contents Valuation of Trade Receivables Acquired The fair value of trade receivables acquired has been estimated as follows: Valuation of
Trade Receivables Acquired € millions Value as at Acquisition Date Thereof SuccessFactors Thereof Ariba Gross carrying amount 136 62 72 Allowance for doubtful accounts 2 2 0 Fair value of receivables 134 60 72 Impact of Material Business Combinations on Our Financials The amounts of revenue and profit or loss of the material businesses acquired in 2012 since the acquisition date included in the consolidated income
statements for the reporting period are as follows: Impact of Material Business Combinations € millions 2012 as Reported Thereof SuccessFactors Thereof Ariba Revenue 16,223 236 80 Profit after tax 2,823 –117 –31 Proforma Financial Information for Material Business Combinations Had SuccessFactors and Ariba been consolidated as of January 1, 2012, our consolidated income statements for the reporting period would have
presented the following amounts: Proforma Financial Information € millions 2012 Proforma Thereof SuccessFactors Thereof Ariba Revenue 16,865 269 373 Profit after tax 2,587 –150 –86 These amounts were calculated after applying the Company’s accounting policies and after adjusting the
results for SuccessFactors and Ariba to reflect the following: • Additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustment to property, plant, and equipment and
intangible assets had been applied from January 1, 2012 • The impact of deferred revenue write-downs on a full-year basis • The borrowing costs on the funding levels and debt/equity position of the company after the business combination • Related tax effects These proforma numbers have been prepared for comparative purposes only. The proforma revenue and profit
numbers are not necessarily indicative of either the results of operations that would have actually occurred had the acquisition been in effect at the beginning of the respective periods or of future results. Prior year acquisitions are described in the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2011 Annual Report. (5) Revenue For detailed information about our revenue recognition policies, see Note (3). For revenue information by segment and geographic region, see Note (28). F-28 Table of Contents Revenue from construction-type contracts (contract revenue) is included in software revenue and consulting
revenue depending on the type of project. The status of our construction projects in progress at the end of the reporting period accounted for under IAS 11 was as follows: Construction Projects in Progress € millions 2012 2011 2010 Revenue recognized in the respective year 196 172 141 Aggregate cost recognized (multi-year) 255 229 163 Recognized result (+profit/-loss; multi-year) 2 14 17 Advance payments received 3 5 5 Gross amounts due from customers 7 20 21 Gross amounts due to customers 15 44 35 Loss provisions 34 27 28 (6) Other Operating Income/Expense, Net Other operating income/expense, net, was as follows: Other Operating Income/Expense, Net € millions 2012 2011 2010 Miscellaneous other operating expenses –3 –3 –5 Gain/loss on disposals of non-current assets –5 18 3 Miscellaneous other operating income 31 10 11 Other operating income/expense, net 23 25 9 (7) Employee Benefits Expense and Headcount Employee Benefits Expense Employee benefits expense comprises the following: Employee Benefits Expense € millions 2012 2011 2010 Salaries 5,706 4,939 4,383 Social security expense 777 642 607 Pension expense 190 176 149 Share-based payment expense 522 68 58 Termination benefits 61 59 63 Employee-related restructuring expense 6 0 1 Employee benefits expense 7,262 5,884 5,261 Pension expense includes the amounts recorded for our defined benefit and defined contribution plans as described in Note
(18a). Expenses for local state pension plans are included in social security expense. F-29 Table of Contents Number of Employees On December 31, 2012, the breakdown of our full-time equivalent employee numbers by function in SAP and by region was as follows: Number of Employees December 31, 2012 December 31, 2011 December 31, 2010 Full-time equivalents EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total EMEA (1) Americas Asia Pacific Japan Total Software and software-related services 4,559 2,628 3,364 10,551 4,068 2,079 2,816 8,963 3,804 1,827 2,254 7,885 Professional services and other services 7,020 4,399 2,840 14,259 6,808 3,963 2,497 13,268 6,787 3,955 2,410 13,152 Research and development 8,952 3,672 5,388 18,012 8,713 3,028 4,120 15,861 8,617 3,154 4,113 15,884 Sales and marketing 5,697 6,220 2,982 14,899 4,856 4,581 2,343 11,780 4,593 4,214 2,180 10,987 General and administration 2,243 1,383 660 4,286 2,073 1,120 542 3,735 2,053 1,005 518 3,576 Infrastructure 1,286 821 308 2,415 1,182 702 274 2,158 1,135 628 266 2,029 SAP Group (December 31) 29,757 19,123 15,542 64,422 27,700 15,473 12,592 55,765 26,989 14,783 11,741 53,513 Thereof acquisitions 791 2,987 1,038 4,816 264 49 90 403 1,174 1,975 1,084 4,233 SAP Group (months’ end average) 29,009 17,619 14,506 61,134 27,296 15,010 12,040 54,346 25,929 13,164 10,877 49,970 (1) Europe, Middle East, Africa The increase of our full-time equivalent employee numbers in 2012 was mainly due to the acquisition of SuccessFactors in February 2012 and Ariba in
October 2012. Allocation of Share-Based Payment Expense The allocation of expense for share-based payments, net of the effects from hedging these instruments, to the various expense items is as follows: Share-Based Payments € millions 2012 2011 2010 Cost of software and software-related services 42 5 4 Cost of professional services and other services 104 11 9 Research and development 125 16 19 Sales and marketing 123 15 16 General and administration 127 21 10 Share-based payments 522 68 58 Thereof cash-settled share-based payments 450 33 29 Thereof equity-settled share-based payments 72 35 29 For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). F-30 Table of Contents (8) Other Non-Operating Income/Expense, Net Other non-operating income/expense, net was as follows: Other Non-Operating Income/Expense, Net € millions 2012 2011 2010 Foreign currency exchange gain/loss, net –154 –58 –175 Thereof from financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss –102 44 44 Thereof from available for sale financial assets –2 0 0 Thereof from loans and receivables –32 –177 –293 Thereof from financial liabilities at amortized cost –20 79 75 Thereof from non-financial assets/liabilities 2 –4 –1 Miscellaneous other non-operating income 4 2 3 Miscellaneous other non-operating expense –23 –19 –14 Other non-operating income/expense, net – 173 – 75 – 186 (9) Financial Income, Net Financial Income, net was as follows: Financial Income, Net € millions 2012 2011 2010 Finance income Interest income from available-for-sale financial assets (debt) 1 2 0 loans and receivables 49 62 34 derivatives 27 37 25 Gains on available-for-sale financial assets (debt) 0 1 2 available-for-sale financial assets (equity) 30 12 9 Share of result of associates 0 9 3 Finance income 107 123 73 Finance cost Interest expense from financial liabilities at amortized cost –130 –123 –77 derivatives –28 –37 –31 TomorrowNow litigation –1 8 –12 Losses on available-for-sale financial assets (equity) –1 0 –1 Impairment losses from available-for-sale financial assets (equity) –7 –2 –3 Fee expenses –8 –7 –16 Finance cost – 175 – 161 – 140 Financial income, net – 68 – 38 – 67 F-31 Table of Contents (10) Income Tax Income tax expense for the years ended December 31 is attributable to the following regions: Tax Expense According to Region € millions 2012 2011 2010 Current tax expense Germany 699 635 413 Foreign 506 521 459 Total current tax expense 1,205 1,156 872 Deferred tax expense/income Germany –5 –12 23 Foreign –200 185 –370 Total deferred tax expense/income – 205 173 – 347 Total income tax expense 1,000 1,329 525 Income tax expense for the years ended December 31 comprised the following components: Major Components of Tax Expense € millions 2012 2011 2010 Current tax expense Tax expense for current year 1,172 1,152 862 Taxes for prior years 33 4 10 Total current tax expense 1,205 1,156 872 Deferred tax expense/income Origination and reversal of temporary differences –258 162 –388 Unused tax losses, research and development tax credits and foreign tax
credits 53 11 41 Total deferred tax expense/income – 205 173 – 347 Total income tax expense 1,000 1,329 525 Profit before tax for the years ended December 31 consisted of the following: Profit Before Tax € millions 2012 2011 2010 Germany 2,482 2,323 2,009 Foreign 1,342 2,445 329 Total 3,824 4,768 2,338 F-32 Table of Contents The following table reconciles the expected income tax expense computed by applying our combined German tax
rate of 26.47% (2011: 26.34%; 2010: 26.29%) to the actual income tax expense. Our 2012 combined German tax rate includes a corporate income tax rate of 15.00% (2011: 15.00%; 2010: 15.00%), plus a solidarity surcharge of 5.5% thereon, and trade taxes
of 10.64% (2011: 10.51%; 2010: 10.46%). Relationship Between Tax Expense and Profit Before Tax € millions, unless otherwise stated 2012 2011 2010 Profit before tax 3,824 4,768 2,338 Tax expense at applicable tax rate of 26,47% (2011: 26.34%; 2010: 26.29%) 1,012 1,256 615 Tax effect of: Foreign tax rates –114 77 –68 Non-deductible expenses 111 89 101 Tax exempt income –169 –149 –96 Withholding taxes 71 93 39 Research and development and foreign tax credits –29 –33 –53 Prior-year taxes 15 –25 –27 Reassessment of deferred tax assets, research and development tax credits, and foreign tax credits 31 0 11 Other 72 21 3 Total income tax expense 1,000 1,329 525 Effective tax rate in % 26.2 27.9 22.5 Deferred tax assets and liabilities on a gross basis as at December 31 are attributable to the following items: Recognized Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities € millions 2012 2011 Deferred tax assets Intangible assets 118 68 Property, plant, and equipment 36 16 Other financial assets 2 12 Trade and other receivables 34 23 Net operating loss carryforwards 570 57 Pension provisions 77 104 Share-based payments 102 31 Other provisions and obligations 306 286 Deferred income 46 44 Research and development and foreign tax credits 37 17 Other 141 103 Deferred tax assets 1,469 761 Deferred tax liabilities Intangible assets 853 421 Property, plant, and equipment 55 58 Other financial assets 382 210 Trade and other receivables 28 15 Pension provisions 4 37 Share-based payments 2 0 Other provisions and obligations 2 1 Deferred income 21 3 Other 36 25 Deferred tax liabilities 1,383 770 Deferred tax assets/liabilities, net 86 – 9 F-33 Table of Contents The deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, especially on net operating loss carryforwards,
intangible assets and other financial assets, increased mainly because of our business combinations in 2012. The increase in deferred tax liabilities is caused by significant differences between the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Current income tax payments were reduced in 2012 in the amount of €4 million (2011:
€53 million; 2010: €1 million) due to the TomorrowNow litigation. Deferred tax assets have not been
recognized in respect of the following items for the years ended December 31: Items Not Resulting in a Deferred Tax Asset € millions 2012 2011 2010 Unused tax losses Not expiring 49 38 9 Expiring in the following year 6 10 5 Expiring after the following year 1,260 93 103 Total unused tax losses 1,315 141 117 Deductible temporary differences 202 30 21 Unused research and development and foreign tax credits Not expiring 32 17 21 Expiring after the following year 36 3 2 Total unused tax credits 68 20 23 The increase in items for which a deferred tax asset has not been recognized results mainly from our
business combinations in 2012. For most of the underlying tax benefits it is uncertain that they can be utilized due to regulations of local tax law. €967 million (2011: €34 million; 2010: €23 million) of the unused tax
losses relate to U.S. state tax loss carryforwards. We have not recognized a deferred tax liability on approximately €5.84 billion
(2011: €5.54 billion) for undistributed profits of our subsidiaries, because we are in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that such differences will not
reverse in the foreseeable future. The proposed dividend payment of €0.85 per share for the year ended December 31, 2012, will
not have any effects on the income tax of SAP AG. Total income tax including the items
charged or credited directly to share premium and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31 consists of the following: Total Income Tax € millions 2012 2011 2010 Income tax recorded in profit 1,000 1,329 525 Income tax recorded in share premium –4 –10 –1 Income tax recorded in other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit and loss Actuarial gains/losses on defined benefit pension plans –4 –5 –18 Income tax recorded in other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to profit and loss Gains/losses on cash flow hedges 17 –1 –5 Currency effects 3 –6 5 Total 1,012 1,307 506 F-34 Table of Contents The income tax recorded in share premium relates to our equity-settled share-based payment. We are subject to ongoing tax audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result of the tax audit of SAP AG and its German subsidiaries for the
years 2003 through 2006, we are in dispute with the German tax authorities in respect of intercompany financing matters. We strongly disagree with the tax authorities’ position and intend to vigorously contest it. Currently, we expect that we
will need to initiate litigation to prevail. We have not recorded a provision for this matter as we believe that the tax authorities’ claim has no merit and that no adjustment is warranted. If, contrary to our view, the German tax authorities were to prevail in their arguments before the court, we would expect to have an additional tax expense (including related interest expense) for the tax audit period 2003 through 2006 and for the
following years 2007 through 2012 of approximately €148 million in total. (11) Earnings per Share Restricted shares (the bonus shares in the Share Matching Plan as discussed in Note (27) below) granted to employees under our
share-based payments are included in the diluted earnings per share calculations to the extent they have a dilutive effect. Earnings per share for the years
ended December 31 was calculated as follows: Earnings per Share € millions, unless otherwise stated 2012 2011 2010 Profit attributable to owners of parent 2,823 3,438 1,811 Issued ordinary shares 1,229 1,227 1,226 Effect of treasury shares –37 –38 –38 Weighted average shares – basic (1) 1,192 1,189 1,188 Dilutive effect of share-based payments (1) 1 1 1 Weighted average shares – diluted (1) 1,193 1,190 1,189 Basic earnings per share, in € , attributable to owners of
parent 2.37 2.89 1.52 Diluted earnings per share, in € , attributable to owners of
parent 2.37 2.89 1.52 (1) Number of shares in millions (12) Other Financial Assets Other financial assets as at December 31 were as follows: Other Financial Assets 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Loans and other financial receivables 35 332 367 269 313 582 Debt investments 15 14 29 400 0 400 Equity investments 0 201 201 0 161 161 Available-for-sale financial assets 15 215 230 400 161 561 Derivatives 104 40 144 148 17 165 Investments in associates 0 46 46 0 47 47 Total 154 633 787 817 538 1,355 Loans and Other Financial Receivables Loans and other financial receivables mainly consist of time deposits, investments in insurance policies relating to pension assets
(semi- retirement and time accounts) for which the corresponding liability is included in employee-related obligations (see Note (18b)), other receivables, and loans to employees. The majority of our
loans and other financial receivables is concentrated in Germany. F-35 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012, there were no loans and other financial receivables past due but not
impaired. We have no indications of impairments of loans and other financial receivables that are not past due and not impaired as at the reporting date. For general information on financial risk and the nature of risk, see Note (24). Available-for-Sale Financial Assets Our available-for-sale financial assets consist of debt investments in bonds of financial and non-financial corporations and municipalities and equity investments in listed and unlisted securities. These available-for-sale financial
assets are denominated in the following currencies: Currencies of Available-for-Sale Financial Assets € millions 2012 2011 Euros 36 432 U.S. dollars 185 123 Other 9 6 Total 230 561 Our equity investments include securities measured at cost because they do not have a quoted market price
and fair value cannot be reliably measured. These equity investments had a carrying value of €149 million and €122 million as at December 31, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Effects from impairment losses, reclassifications,
and gains/losses from sales of such equity investments were immaterial for all periods presented. As of December 31, 2012, we have no plans to sell any equity investments at cost in the near future.
For information on fair value measurement with regard to our equity investments at cost, see Note (26). Derivatives Detailed information about our derivative financial instruments is presented in Note (25). (13) Trade and Other Receivables Trade and other receivables were as follows: Trade and Other Receivables 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Trade receivables, net 3,837 0 3,837 3,431 0 3,431 Other receivables 80 88 168 62 84 146 Total trade and other receivables 3,917 88 4,005 3,493 84 3,577 The carrying amounts of our trade receivables as at December 31 are as follows: Carrying Amounts of Trade Receivables € millions 2012 2011 Gross carrying amount 3,943 3,566 Sales allowances charged to revenue –73 –94 Allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense –33 –41 Carrying amount trade receivables, net 3,837 3,431 F-36 Table of Contents The changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts charged to expense were immaterial in all periods
presented. Concentrations of credit risks are limited due to our large customer base and its distribution across many different industries
and countries worldwide. The aging of trade receivables as at December 31 was: Aging of Trade Receivables € millions 2012 2011 Not past due and not individually impaired 3,068 2,803 Past due but not individually impaired Past due 1-30 days 368 308 Past due 31-120 days 246 163 Past due 121-365 days 90 58 Past due over 365 days 14 13 Total past due but not individually impaired 718 542 Individually impaired, net of allowances 51 86 Carrying amount of trade receivables, net 3,837 3,431 We believe that the recorded sales and bad debt allowances adequately provide for the credit risk inherent in trade
receivables. For more information about financial risk and how we manage it, see Notes (24) and (25). (14) Other Non-Financial Assets Other Non-Financial Assets 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Prepaid expenses 149 68 217 95 39 134 Other tax assets 74 0 74 68 0 68 Advance payments 11 0 11 11 0 11 Inventories 59 0 59 11 0 11 Miscellaneous other assets 1 0 1 2 0 2 Total other non-financial assets 294 68 362 187 39 226 Prepaid expenses primarily consist of prepayments for operating leases, support services, and software royalties that
will be recognized as an expense in future periods. F-37 Table of Contents (15) Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill and Intangible Assets € millions Goodwill Software and Database Licenses Acquired Technology/ IPRD Customer Relationship and Other Intangibles Total Historical cost January 1, 2011 8,524 417 1,240 1,903 12,084 Foreign currency exchange differences 117 1 19 28 165 Additions from business combinations 172 1 26 11 210 Other additions 0 76 0 0 76 Retirements/disposals –5 –6 –18 –12 –41 December 31, 2011 8,808 489 1,267 1,930 12,494 Foreign currency exchange differences –77 –2 –3 –27 –109 Additions from business combinations 4,639 4 578 1,152 6,373 Other additions 0 60 0 0 60 Retirements/disposals 0 –18 –64 –1 –83 December 31, 2012 13,370 533 1,778 3,054 18,735 Accumulated amortization January 1, 2011 96 249 527 408 1,280 Foreign currency exchange differences 1 0 12 13 26 Additions amortization 0 49 171 266 486 Retirements/disposals 0 –3 –18 –12 –33 December 31, 2011 97 295 692 675 1,759 Foreign currency exchange differences –1 –3 –6 –8 –18 Additions amortization 0 57 192 316 565 Retirements/disposals 0 –14 –64 –1 –79 Transfers 0 0 29 –29 0 December 31, 2012 96 335 843 953 2,227 Carrying value December 31, 2011 8,711 194 575 1,255 10,735 Carrying value December 31, 2012 13,274 198 935 2,101 16,508 The additions other than from business combinations to software and database licenses in 2012 and 2011 were individually
acquired from third parties and include cross-license agreements and patents, whereas the additions to acquired technology and other intangibles primarily result from our business combinations discussed in Note (4). F-38 Table of Contents We carry the following significant intangible assets: Significant Intangible Assets Carrying Amount in € Millions Remaining Useful Life in Years 2012 2011 Business Objects – Maintenance-related customer relationships 181 215 9-12 Sybase – Acquired Technologies 330 435 2-4 Sybase – Customer Relationships: Maintenance 581 706 10 Sybase – Customer Relationships: Messaging and License 109 173 1-8 SuccessFactors – Acquired Technologies 260 0 7 SuccessFactors – Backlog subscription 62 0 4 SuccessFactors – Customer Relationships: Subscription 404 0 14 Ariba – Acquired Technologies 238 0 8 Ariba – Customer Relationships 508 0 13-15 Ariba – Backlog: Subscription and Network 83 0 6 Total significant intangible assets 2,756 1,529 In 2012 the composition of SAP’s segments changed: In January 2012, we integrated the activities of the Sybase
segment into the segments Product, Consulting and Training. The reallocation of the Sybase goodwill was done on a relative fair value basis. In the third quarter of 2012, the segments Consulting and Training were combined to form the segment
On-Premise Services. In addition, the Cloud Application segment and the Ariba segment were established in the third and fourth quarter of 2012, respectively. For more information about our segments see Note (28). The carrying amount of goodwill by segments at December 31, 2012, and 2011, was as follows: Goodwill by Segment € millions Segments per December 31, 2012 Segments per December 31, 2011 On- Premise Products On- Premise Services Cloud Applications Ariba Total Product Consulting Training Sybase Total January 1, 2012 5,206 781 176 2,548 8,711 Reallocations due to changes in segment composition 7,415 1,118 34 145 8,711 –5,206 –781 –176 –2,548 – 8,711 Additions from business combinations 109 9 2,094 2,427 4,639 Foreign currency exchange differences –62 –5 39 –49 – 76 December 31, 2012 7,462 1,122 2,167 2,523 13,274 0 0 0 0 0 F-39 Table of Contents Goodwill impairment testing Testing of segments On-Premise Products, On-Premise Services and Cloud Applications The
recoverable amounts for the segments On-Premise Products, On-Premise Services and Cloud Applications have been determined based on “value in use” calculations. The calculations use cash flow projections based on actual operating results
and a company-wide three-year business plan approved by management. For the Cloud Application segment a eight-year business plan approved by management was used. The Cloud Application segment operates in a relatively immature area with significant growth rates projected for the near future thus requiring a longer detailed planning period than the two other, more mature segments. Cash flows for periods beyond
these business plans were extrapolated using the segment-specific terminal growth rates disclosed in the table below. These terminal growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rates for the markets in which our operating segments
operate. Our estimated cash flow projections are discounted to present value by means of the pre-tax discount rates disclosed in the table below together with the terminal revenue growth rates. These pre-tax discount rates are based on a weighted
average cost of capital approach (WACC). On-Premise Product On-Premise Services Cloud Applications Pre-tax discount rates 11.5 % 10.7 % 13.1 % Terminal revenue growth rate 2.9 % 2.1 % 3.4 % The recoverable amounts of the segments On-Premise Products, On-Premise Services and Cloud Applications are based on the
following key assumptions. These key assumptions on which management has based its cash flow projections for the period covered by the underlying business plans are as follows: Key assumption Basis for determining values assigned to key assumption Budgeted revenue growth Revenue growth rate achieved in the current fiscal year, increased for an expected increase in SAP’s addressable market in the areas of cloud, mobility, and database, as
well as expected growth in the established categories of applications and analytics. Values assigned reflect past experience as well as expectations regarding an increase in the addressable market. Budgeted operating margin Operating margin budgeted for a given budget period equals the operating margin achieved in the current fiscal year, increased for expected efficiency improvements. Values
assigned reflect past experience, except for efficiency improvements. We believe that any reasonably possible change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
carrying value of our On-Premise Product or On-Premise Services segment to exceed their respective recoverable amounts. The Cloud
Applications segment’s recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount by €281 million. The projected cash flows for this segment are derived from the budgeted operating margins and based on a range of revenue growth rates of 14 – 51%
during the eight-year business plan approved by management, with the higher growth rates expected in the earlier years. In addition, the cash flow projection depends on the Cloud Application segment becoming profitable and achieving an operating
margin of 26% by 2020. If the Cloud Applications segment does not achieve an operating margin of at least 24% in the terminal growth period, the goodwill allocated to the segments might, in future periods, be subject to
an impairment charge. In 2012, the segment slightly exceeded the cash flow projections established for 2012. Testing of Ariba segment The recoverable value of the Ariba segment was based on “fair value less cost to sell” calculations, using a market approach.
The market approach assumes that companies operating in the same industry will share similar characteristics and that the cash generating unit’s value (in our case the F-40 Table of Contents segment) will correlate to those characteristics. Therefore, a comparison of a cash generating unit to similar companies whose financial information is publicly available may provide a reasonable
basis to estimate fair value. The Ariba segment consists primarily of the Ariba business acquired as of October 1, 2012. Due to the close proximity of the Ariba acquisition to our fiscal year-end, we believe that the calculations that were
based on trading and transaction multiples of benchmark companies comparable to the business for this recent acquisition represent the best estimate of fair value. The data gathered for the benchmark companies was obtained from publicly available information. The fair value for the Ariba segment based upon the market approach approximates its carrying amount. Consequently, any adverse change in key assumptions
would, individually, cause an impairment loss to be recognized. Assumptions used in prior year The following assumptions were used for the goodwill impairment test completed in 2011 for the segments existing in 2011: Product Consulting Training Sybase Pre-tax discount rates 12.7 % 12.1 % 12.6 % 13.6 % Terminal revenue growth rate 3.6 % 3.2 % 2.4 % 3.6 % (16) Property, Plant, and Equipment Property, Plant, and Equipment € millions Land and Buildings Other Property, Plant, and Equipment Advance Payments and Construction in Progress Total Historical cost January 1, 2011 1,336 1,393 10 2,739 Foreign currency exchange differences 7 3 0 10 Additions 29 337 6 372 Retirements/disposals –19 –183 –1 –203 Transfers 7 1 –8 0 December 31, 2011 1,360 1,551 7 2,918 Foreign currency exchange differences –12 –16 –1 –29 Additions from business combinations 13 22 1 36 Other additions 55 397 20 472 Retirements/disposals –44 –236 –5 –285 Transfers 1 3 –4 0 December 31, 2012 1,373 1,721 18 3,112 Accumulated depreciation January 1, 2011 425 865 0 1,290 Foreign currency exchange differences 4 1 0 5 Additions depreciation 47 191 0 238 Retirements/disposals –16 –150 0 –166 December 31, 2011 460 907 0 1,367 Foreign currency exchange differences –5 –12 0 –17 Additions depreciation 56 243 0 299 Retirements/disposals –42 –203 0 –245 December 31, 2012 469 935 0 1,404 Carrying value December 31, 2011 900 644 7 1,551 December 31, 2012 904 786 18 1,708 The additions and disposals in other property, plant, and equipment relate primarily to the replacement and purchase of
computer hardware and vehicles acquired in the normal course of business. F-41 Table of Contents (17) Trade and Other Payables, Financial Liabilities, and Other Non-Financial Liabilities (17a) Trade and Other Payables Trade
and other payables as at December 31 were as follows: Trade and Other Payables 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2012 Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2011 Trade payables 684 0 684 727 0 727 Advance payments received 81 0 81 95 0 95 Miscellaneous other liabilities 105 63 168 115 43 158 Trade and other payables 870 63 933 937 43 980 Miscellaneous other liabilities include mainly deferral amounts for free rent periods and liabilities related to
government grants. (17b) Financial Liabilities Financial
liabilities as at December 31 were as follows: Financial Liabilities 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2012 Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2011 Bonds 600 2,287 2,887 600 1,595 2,195 Private placement transactions 0 2,088 2,088 423 1,237 1,660 Bank loans 0 0 0 101 1 102 Other financial liabilities 202 71 273 207 92 299 Financial liabilities 802 4,446 5,248 1,331 2,925 4,256 Financial liabilities are unsecured, except for the retention of title and similar rights customary in our
industry. Effective interest rates on our financing debt were 2.87% in 2012, 2.98% in 2011, and 2.76% in 2010. An analysis showing the contractual cash flows of our financial liabilities based on maturity is provided
in Note (24). Information on the risk associated with our financial liabilities is provided in Note (25), and information on fair values is provided in Note (26). Bonds As at December 31, 2012, we had outstanding bonds with the following terms: Bonds Maturity Issue Price Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume in € millions Balance on 12/31/2012 in € millions Balance on 12/31/2011 in € millions Eurobond 1 – 2010 2014 99.755 % 2.50% (fix) 2.64 % 500 499 498 Eurobond 2 – 2010 2017 99.780 % 3.50% (fix) 3.58 % 500 498 498 Eurobond 3 – 2010 2012 99.863 % 1.75% (fix) 2.01 % 600 0 600 Eurobond 4 – 2010 2013 99.857 % 2.25% (fix) 2.38 % 600 600 599 Eurobond 5 – 2012 2015 99.791 % 1.00% (fix) 1.17 % 550 547 0 Eurobond 6 – 2012 2019 99.307 % 2.125% (fix) 2.27 % 750 743 0 Bonds 2,887 2,195 F-42 Table of Contents In September 2012, we implemented a Debt Issuance Program which is valid for an initial renewable period of
12 months. Under this program, we are permitted to issue bonds in a number of tranches in different currencies up to a volume of €2.4 billion. In November 2012, we issued bonds under this program as shown in the table above. All our Eurobonds are listed for trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Private Placement Transactions Our private placement transactions have the following terms: Private Placements Maturity Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume in Respective Currency in millions Balance on 12/31/2012 in € millions Balance on 12/31/2011 in € millions German promissory note Tranche 1 – 2009 2012 4.04% (fix) 4.08% €63.5 0 64 Tranche 2 – 2009 2012 3.46% (variable) 3.51% €359.5 0 359 Tranche 3 – 2009 2014 4.92% (fix) 4.98% €86 86 86 Tranche 4 – 2009 2014 3.81% (variable) 3.86% €158 0 158 Tranche 5 – 2009 2014 3.72% (variable) 3.76% €30 0 30 U.S. private placements Tranche 1 – 2010 2015 2.34% (fix) 2.40% US$ 300 227 231 Tranche 2 – 2010 2017 2.95% (fix) 3.03% US$ 200 151 154 Tranche 3 – 2011 2016 2.77% (fix) 2.82% US$ 600 454 463 Tranche 4 – 2011 2018 3.43% (fix) 3.50% US$ 150 113 115 Tranche 5 – 2012 2017 2.13% (fix) 2.16% US$ 242.5 183 0 Tranche 6 – 2012 2020 2.82% (fix) 2.86% US$ 290 219 0 Tranche 7 – 2012 2022 3.18% (fix) 3.22% US$ 444.5 336 0 Tranche 8 – 2012 2024 3.33% (fix) 3.37% US$ 323 244 0 Tranche 9 – 2012 2027 3.53% (fix) 3.57% US$ 100 75 0 Private placements 2,088 1,660 The U.S. private placement notes were issued by one of our subsidiaries that has the U.S. dollar as its functional
currency. Bank Loans Our
bank loans have the following terms: Bank Loans Maturity Coupon Rate Effective Interest Rate Nominal Volume in € millions Balance on 12/31/2012 in € millions Balance on 12/31/2011 in € millions Additional term loan 2012 2.64% (variable) 2.64% 100 0 100 Other loans — variable variable 2 0 2 Bank loans 0 102 The coupon and the effective interest rate for the additional term loan were calculated based on the last
12-month EURIBOR interest rate fixing for this financing instrument in 2011. Other Financial Liabilities Our other financial liabilities mainly comprise derivative liabilities and liabilities for accrued interests. F-43 Table of Contents (17c) Other Non-Financial Liabilities Other non-financial liabilities as at December 31 were as follows: Other Non-Financial Liabilities 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2012 Current Non-Current Balance on 12/31/2011 Other employee-related liabilities 1,700 98 1,798 1,541 92 1,633 Other taxes 436 0 436 440 0 440 Other non-financial liabilities 2,136 98 2,234 1,981 92 2,073 Other employee-related liabilities mainly relate to vacation accruals, bonus and sales commission accruals, as well as
employee-related social security obligations. Other taxes comprise mainly payroll tax liabilities and value-added tax liabilities. (18) Provisions Provisions based on due dates as at December 31 were as follows: Provisions 2012 2011 € millions Current Non-Current Total Current Non-Current Total Pension plans and similar obligations (see Note (18a)) 3 71 74 25 71 96 Other provisions (see Note (18b)) 933 322 1,255 537 197 734 Total 936 393 1,329 562 268 830 (18a) Pension Plans and Similar Obligations We maintain several defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans for our employees in Germany and at foreign subsidiaries, which provide for old age, disability, and survivors’ benefits.
The measurement dates for the domestic and foreign benefit plans are December 31. Individual benefit plans have also been established for members of our Executive Board. Furthermore, in certain countries we provide termination indemnity
benefits to employees regardless of the cause for termination. These types of benefits are typically defined by law in these foreign countries. Our domestic defined benefit pension plans provide participants with pension benefits that are based on the length of service and compensation of
employees. There is also a domestic employee-financed pension plan for which SAP guarantees a minimum return on
investment which is equivalent to the return guaranteed by the insurer. Even though the risk that SAP would be liable for a return that cannot be met by the insurance company is very remote, these employee-financed plans do not qualify as defined
contribution plans under IFRS and are included in domestic plan assets and plan liabilities. Foreign defined benefit pension plans provide
participants with pension benefits that are based on compensation levels, age, and length of service. F-44 Table of Contents The following table shows the change in present values of the defined benefit obligations and the fair value
of the plan assets with a reconciliation of the funded status to net amounts: Change in the Present Value of the DBO and the Fair Value of
the Plan Assets Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total € millions 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 Change in benefit obligation Benefit obligation at beginning of year 462 416 457 439 27 25 946 880 Service cost –2 –2 15 19 3 3 16 20 Interest cost 21 20 8 14 1 1 30 35 Employee contributions 26 25 5 4 0 0 31 29 Actuarial loss (+)/gain (–) 94 11 7 0 6 –1 107 10 Benefits paid –5 –5 –4 –28 –2 –2 –11 –35 Acquisitions/divestitures 0 –4 0 –1 1 0 1 –5 Curtailments/settlements 0 0 –265 –3 –3 0 –268 –3 Other changes 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 Past service cost 0 0 0 –3 0 0 0 –3 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 0 0 –2 16 0 1 –2 17 Benefit obligation at year-end 597 462 221 457 33 27 851 946 Thereof fully or partially funded plans 597 462 181 417 18 13 796 892 Thereof unfunded plans 0 0 40 40 15 14 55 54 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 460 414 387 386 5 4 852 804 Expected return on plan assets 21 19 4 7 1 1 26 27 Employer contributions 1 2 31 17 4 3 36 22 Employee contributions 26 25 5 4 0 0 31 29 Benefits paid –5 –5 –3 –28 –1 –2 –9 –35 Acquisitions/divestitures 0 –4 0 0 0 0 0 –4 Settlements 0 0 –256 –3 0 0 –256 –3 Other changes 1 0 0 0 0 –1 1 –1 Actuarial loss (–)/gain (+) 85 9 9 –7 0 0 94 2 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 0 0 3 11 0 0 3 11 Fair value of plan assets at year-end 589 460 180 387 9 5 778 852 Funded status at year-end – 8 – 2 – 41 – 70 – 24 – 22 – 73 – 94 Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position: Non-current pension assets 0 0 1 2 0 0 1 2 Accrued benefit liability (current) 0 0 –3 –25 0 0 –3 –25 Accrued benefit liability (non-current) –8 –2 –39 –47 –24 –22 –71 –71 Total – 8 – 2 – 41 – 70 – 24 – 22 – 73 – 94 The following weighted average assumptions were used for the actuarial valuation of our domestic and foreign pension
liabilities as well as other post-employment benefit obligations as at the respective measurement date: Actuarial Assumptions for Defined
Benefit Liabilities Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Percent 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Discount rate 3.3 4.6 4.9 1.9 3.2 3.3 4.6 5.4 5.7 Rate of compensation increase 2.5 2.5 2.5 1.8 1.8 1.8 4.0 3.0 5.0 F-45 Table of Contents The assumed discount rates are derived from rates available on high-quality corporate bonds and government
bonds for which the timing and amounts of payments match the timing and the amounts of our projected pension payments. The components of
total expense of defined benefit pension plans for the years 2012, 2011, and 2010 recognized in operating expense were as follows: Total
Expense of Defined Benefit Pension Plans Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total € millions 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Service cost –2 –2 –4 15 19 17 3 3 3 16 20 16 Interest cost 21 20 18 8 14 17 1 1 1 30 35 36 Expected return on plan assets –21 –19 –17 –4 –7 –19 –1 –1 0 –26 –27 –36 Losses (gains) on curtailments and settlements 0 0 0 –9 0 0 2 0 0 –7 0 0 Past service cost 0 0 0 0 –3 –3 0 0 0 0 –3 –3 Total expense – 2 – 1 – 3 10 23 12 5 3 4 13 25 13 Actual return on plan assets 106 28 26 12 5 18 1 0 0 119 33 44 Due to the fact that our domestic defined benefit pension plans primarily consist of an employee-financed
post-retirement plan that is fully financed with qualifying insurance policies, current service cost may turn into a credit as a result of adjusting the defined benefit liability’s carrying amount to the fair value of the qualifying plan assets. Such adjustments are recorded in service
cost. We have recognized the following
amounts of actuarial gains and losses for our defined benefit pension plans: Actuarial Gains (Losses) on Defined Benefit Pension Plans Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total € millions 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Beginning balance of actuarial gains (–) and losses (+) on defined benefit plans –4 –6 –10 97 86 53 –1 0 –2 92 80 41 Actuarial gains (–) and losses (+) on defined benefit plans recognized during the period 9 2 4 –2 7 30 6 –1 2 13 8 36 Other changes 2 0 0 –1 0 0 –1 –1 0 0 –1 0 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 0 0 0 –1 4 3 0 1 0 –1 5 3 Ending balance of actuarial gains (–) and losses (+) on defined benefit plans 7 – 4 – 6 93 97 86 4 – 1 0 104 92 80 F-46 Table of Contents For the determination of the total expense for the years 2012, 2011, and 2010, the projection of the defined
benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets as at December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, the following principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages for our foreign and post-employment benefit plans) were used: Actuarial Assumptions for Total Expense Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Percent 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Discount rate 4.6 4.9 5.1 2.2 3.2 4.4 5.3 5.3 5.6 Expected return on plan assets 4.5 4.5 4.5 2.4 1.5 5.1 8.3 7.8 7.6 Rate of compensation increase 2.5 2.5 2.2 1.8 1.8 1.8 3.2 3.1 4.9 Our investment strategy on domestic benefit plans is to invest all contributions in stable insurance
policies. The expected rate of return on plan assets for our domestic benefit plans is calculated by reference to the expected returns achievable on the insured policies given the expected asset mix of the policies. The expected return assumptions for
our foreign plan assets are based on weighted average expected long-term rates of return for each asset class, estimated based on factors such as historical return patterns for each asset class and forecasts for inflation. We review historical
return patterns and other relevant financial factors for appropriateness and reasonableness and make modifications to eliminate certain effects when considered necessary. Our foreign benefit plan asset allocation at December 31, 2012, and our
target asset allocation for the year 2013 are as follows: Plan Asset Allocation for Foreign Plans and Other Post-Employment Obligations Percent Target Asset Allocation 2013 Actual % of 2012 Plan Assets Target Asset Allocation 2012 Actual % of 2011 Plan Assets Asset category Equity 23 22 12 10 Fixed income 42 49 66 60 Real estate 19 15 3 3 Insurance policies 4 4 1 1 Cash and other assets 12 10 18 26 Total 100 100 100 100 Our investment strategies for foreign benefit plans vary according to the respective conditions in the
country in which the benefit plans are situated. Generally, a long-term investment horizon has been adopted for all major foreign benefit plans. Our policy is to invest in a risk-diversified portfolio consisting of a mix of assets within the above target asset allocation range. Our
expected contribution in 2013 is €1 million for domestic defined benefit pension plans and €16 million for foreign defined benefit pension plans, all of which is expected to be paid in cash. F-47 Table of Contents The amounts for the current year and four preceding years of pension obligation, plan assets, funded status,
and experience adjustments are as follows: Pension Obligation, Plan Assets, Funded Status, and Experience Adjustments Domestic Plans Foreign Plans Other Post- Employment Plans Total € millions 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Defined benefit obligation 597 462 416 346 314 221 457 439 343 306 33 27 25 20 18 851 946 880 709 638 Liability experience adjustments 94 11 13 –13 –10 7 0 29 31 –45 6 –1 2 0 0 107 10 44 18 –55 Plan assets 589 460 414 345 314 180 387 386 311 261 9 5 4 4 3 778 852 804 660 578 Asset experience adjustments 85 9 9 –18 –8 9 –7 –1 28 –99 0 0 0 0 0 94 2 8 10 –107 Funded status – 8 – 2 – 2 – 1 0 – 41 – 70 – 53 – 32 – 45 – 24 – 22 – 21 – 16 – 15 – 73 – 94 – 76 – 49 – 60 Defined Contribution Plan/State Plans We also maintain domestic and foreign defined contribution plans. Amounts contributed by us under such plans are based on a percentage of the employees’ salaries or the amount of contributions made
by employees. Furthermore in Germany, as well as in some other countries, we make contributions to public pension plans that are operated by national or local government or a similar institution. The expenses of defined contribution plans and state
plans for the years 2012, 2011, and 2010, were as follows: Total Expense of Defined Contribution Plans and State Plans € millions 2012 2011 2010 Defined contribution plans 173 151 136 State plans 296 244 215 Total expense 469 395 351 (18b) Other Provisions Changes in other
provisions over the reporting year were as follows: Other Provisions € millions Balance 1/1/2012 Addition Additions from business combinations Utili- zation Release Currency Impact Balance 12/31/2012 Employee-related provisions Provisions for share-based payments 119 518 144 –195 –1 –6 579 Other employee-related provisions 189 126 0 –87 –3 –1 224 Customer-related provisions 48 68 0 –28 –13 –1 74 Litigation-related provisions TomorrowNow litigation 231 32 0 –10 –13 –6 234 Other litigation-related provisions 53 11 0 –7 –1 –1 55 Onerous contract provisions (other than from customer contracts) 64 7 7 –23 –2 0 53 Other provisions 30 16 8 –11 –7 0 36 Total other provisions 734 778 159 – 361 – 40 – 15 1,255 Thereof current 537 933 Thereof non-current 197 322 F-48 Table of Contents For more information about our share-based payments, see Note (27). Other employee-related provisions primarily comprise obligations for time credits, severance payments, jubilee expenses, and semiretirement. While most
of these employee-related provisions could be claimed within the next 12 months, we do not expect the related cash flows within this time period. Customer-related provisions include performance obligations, as well as expected contract losses from contracts with customers. The associated cash outflows are substantially short-term in nature. Litigation-related provisions relate primarily to the litigation matters described in Note (23). They include the expenses related to the
provision established for the related litigation as well as any related legal fees incurred to date and expected to be incurred in the future less any insurance reimbursements recognized. We have established provisions taking into account the facts
of each case. The timing of the cash outflows associated with legal claims cannot be reasonably determined in all cases. The legal and litigation-related provisions assumed in connection with the 2012 acquisitions are measured at provisional values.
For details see Note (3c). The estimate regarding the provision for the TomorrowNow litigation was adjusted substantially following the judgment of the court in September 2011. For more details, see Note (23). Onerous contract provisions have been recorded in connection with unused lease space. The utilization of
onerous leases depends on the terms of the underlying lease contract. Other provisions relate to decommissioning, restoration, and similar
liabilities associated with leased facilities, warranty obligations, and restructuring provisions. The associated cash outflows for decommissioning, restoration, and similar liabilities, which are typically long-term in nature, are generally
expected to occur at the dates of exit of the facilities to which they relate. The related outflow for warranty obligations is of short-term nature. Restructuring provisions comprise various restructuring activities that occurred in 2012 as a result
of certain organizational changes in the sales and go-to-market areas as well a shift of positions from mature markets to high-growth markets. It is expected that substantially all of the expenditure not yet incurred will be incurred in the next
financial year. (19) Deferred Income Deferred income consists mainly of prepayments made by our customers for support services, cloud subscriptions and professional
services, fees from multiple element arrangements allocated to undelivered elements, and amounts recorded in purchase accounting at fair value for obligations to perform under acquired support contracts in connection with acquisitions. F-49 Table of Contents (20) Total Equity Issued Capital As at December 31, 2012, SAP AG had issued 1,228,504,232 no-par shares (December 31, 2011: 1,228,083,382) with a calculated nominal value of
€1 per share. All the shares issued are fully paid. The following table shows the changes in the number and the value of issued shares and treasury shares in millions. Change in Issued Capital and Treasury Shares Number of Shares in Millions Value in € Millions Issued Capital Treasury Shares Issued Capital Treasury Shares January 1, 2010 1,226 – 37 1,226 – 1,320 Issuing shares under share-based payments 1 0 1 0 Purchase of treasury shares 0 –6 0 –220 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 4 0 158 December 31, 2010 1,227 – 39 1,227 – 1,382 Issuing shares under share-based payments 1 0 1 0 Purchase of treasury shares 0 –6 0 –246 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 7 0 251 December 31, 2011 1,228 – 38 1,228 – 1,377 Issuing shares under share-based payments 1 0 1 0 Purchase of treasury shares 0 –1 0 –53 Reissuance of treasury shares under share-based payments 0 2 0 93 December 31, 2012 1,229 – 37 1,229 – 1,337 Authorized Shares The Articles of Incorporation authorize the Executive Board to increase the issued capital: • Up to a total amount of €250 million by issuing new ordinary shares against contributions in cash until June 7, 2015 (Authorized Capital
I). The issuance is subject to the statutory subscription rights of existing shareholders. • Up to a total amount of €250 million by issuing new ordinary shares against contributions in cash or in kind until June 7, 2015
(Authorized Capital II). Subject to certain preconditions and the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Executive Board is authorized to exclude the shareholders’ statutory subscription rights. • Up to a total amount of €30 million by issuing new ordinary shares against contributions in cash or in kind until June 7, 2015
(Authorized Capital III). The new shares can only be used for share-based payments (as employee shares). Shareholders’ subscription rights are excluded. Contingent Shares SAP AG’s issued capital is subject to a contingent increase
of ordinary shares. The contingent increase may be effected only to the extent that the holders of the convertible bonds and stock options that were issued by SAP AG under certain share-based payments exercise their conversion or subscription
rights. As at December 31, 2012, €100 million, representing 100 million shares, was still available for issuance (2011: €134 million). F-50 Table of Contents Share Premium Share premium represents all capital contributed to SAP with the proceeds resulting from the issuance of issued capital in excess of their calculated par value. Share premium arises mainly from issuance
of issued capital, treasury shares transactions, and share-based payments. Retained Earnings Retained earnings contain prior years’ undistributed profit after tax and unrecognized pension costs. Unrecognized pension costs comprise actuarial gains and losses relating to defined benefit
pension plans and similar obligations. Other Comprehensive Income The component of other comprehensive income before tax that will be reclassified to profit or loss in the future includes the
following items: Items Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income That Will Be Reclassified to Profit or Loss Before Tax € millions 2012 2011 2010 Gains (losses) on exchange differences on translation – 214 106 193 Gains (losses) on remeasuring available-for-sale financial assets 33 –6 5 Reclassification adjustments on available-for-sale financial assets –20 –1 –2 Available-for-sale financial assets 13 – 7 3 Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 21 –23 –88 Reclassification adjustments on cash flow hedges 42 22 67 Cash flow hedges 63 – 1 – 21 Treasury Shares By resolution of SAP AG’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 8, 2010, the Executive Board of SAP AG was authorized to purchase, on or before June 30, 2013, up to
120 million shares of the Company on the condition that such share purchases, together with any previously acquired shares, do not account for more than 10% of SAP AG’s issued capital. Although treasury shares are legally considered
outstanding, there are no dividend or voting rights associated with shares held in treasury. We may redeem or resell shares held in treasury or we may use treasury shares for the purpose of servicing subscription rights and conversion rights under
the Company’s share-based payments. Also, we may use the shares held in treasury as consideration in connection with the acquisition of other companies. Miscellaneous Under the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the total
amount of dividends available for distribution to SAP AG’s shareholders is based on the profits of SAP AG as reported in its statutory financial statements, which are determined under the accounting rules stipulated by the German Commercial
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Executive Board of SAP AG intends to propose a dividend of €0.85 per share (that is, an estimated total dividend of €1,013 million)
to be paid from the profits of SAP AG. Dividends per share for 2011 and 2010 were €1.10 and €0.60 respectively and were paid in the
succeeding year. (21) Additional Capital Disclosures Capital Structure Management The primary objective of our capital structure management is to maintain a strong financial profile for investor, creditor, and customer confidence, and to support the growth of our business. We seek to
maintain a capital structure that will allow us to cover our funding requirements through the capital markets at reasonable conditions, and in so doing, ensure a high level of independence, confidence, and financial flexibility. We currently do not have a credit rating with any agency. We do not believe that a rating would have a substantial effect on our borrowing conditions and
financing options. F-51 Table of Contents Capital Structure 2012 2011 % Change € millions % of Equity and liabilities € millions % of Equity and liabilities Equity 14,171 53 12,707 55 12 Current liabilities 6,641 25 6,266 27 6 Non-current liabilities 6,023 22 4,254 18 42 Liabilities 12,664 47 10,520 45 20 Equity and liabilities 26,835 100 23,227 100 16 In 2012, we took out short-term bank loans to finance the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba.
Additionally, we issued a two-tranche Eurobond and a US private placement consisting of several tranches with maturities of three to 15 years which further optimized and extended our existing maturity profile. We used inflows from the newly issued
bonds and private placement to repay the short-term bank loans. These financing activities changed our debt ratio (defined as the ratio of total liabilities to equity and
liabilities) to 47% at the end of 2012 (as compared to 45% at the end of 2011). These financing activities were partially offset by the operating cash flow in 2012. As far as financing activities in 2013 are concerned, a €600 million bond
that will mature in August 2013 is intended to be repaid. We currently do not plan to refinance this bond maturity. Due to these financing activities,
the ratio of total financial debt to equity and liabilities increased slightly to 19% at the end of 2012 (17% as at December 31, 2011). Total financial debt consists of bank loans, bonds, and private placements. While we monitor these ratios
continuously, our main focus is on the management of our net liquidity position as outlined in the following table: Group Liquidity of SAP
Group € millions 2012 2011 Change Cash and cash equivalents 2,477 4,965 –2,488 Current investments 15 636 –621 Group liquidity 2,492 5,601 –3,109 Current bank loans 0 101 –101 Current private placement transactions 0 423 –423 Current bonds 600 600 0 Net liquidity 1 1,892 4,477 –2,585 Non-current bank loans 0 1 –1 Non-current private placement transactions 2,094 1,240 854 Non-current bonds 2,300 1,600 700 Net liquidity 2 –2,502 1,636 –4,138 Net liquidity 1 is Group liquidity minus current financial debt. The decrease of current financial debts
relates to repayments, mainly two tranches (€423 million) of the promissory notes, we issued in 2009. Net liquidity 2 is net liquidity 1
minus non-current financial debt. In 2012, we sucessfully placed a two-tranche Eurobond transaction totalling €1.3 billion and a US private placement transaction of US$1.4 billion consisting of several tranches. This was partly offset
by repayments of a Eurobond tranche (€600 million) and two tranches (€188 million) of the promissory notes, we issued in 2009. We intend
to reduce our financial debt as and when the debt falls due. We will consider issuing new debt, such as bonds or U.S. private placements, on an as-needed basis only and if market conditions are advantageous. We currently have no concrete plans for
future share buybacks. For further information about our financial debt, see Note (17b). F-52 Table of Contents Distribution Policy Our general intention is to remain in a position to return excess liquidity to our shareholders by distributing annual dividends and repurchasing shares. The amount of future dividends and the extent of
future repurchases of shares will be balanced with our effort to continue to maintain an adequate liquidity position. In 2012, we were able
to distribute €1,310 million in dividends from our 2011 profit (as compared to €713 million in 2011 and €594 million in 2010 related to 2010 and 2009 profit, respectively), representing €1.10 per share, including a special dividend of €0.35 per share to celebrate SAP’s 40th anniversary. Aside from the distributed dividend, in 2012,
2011, and 2010 we also returned €53 million, €246 million, and €220 million respectively to our shareholders by repurchasing our own shares. Commitments exist in connection with our equity-settled share-based payments (as described in Note (27)), which we intend to meet by reissuing treasury shares or issuing ordinary shares. For more
information about contingent capital, see Note (20). (22) Other Financial Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Other Financial Commitments Our other financial commitments as at December 31, 2012, and 2011, were as follows: Other Financial Commitments € millions 2012 2011 Operating leases 923 878 Contractual obligations for acquisition of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets 66 76 Other purchase obligations 522 496 Purchase obligations 588 572 Total 1,511 1,450 Our operating leases relate primarily to the lease of office space, hardware, and cars, with remaining
non-cancelable lease terms between less than one and 35 years. On a limited scale, the operating lease contracts include escalation clauses (based, for example, on the consumer price index) and renewal options. The contractual obligations for
acquisition of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets relate primarily to the construction of new and existing facilities, hardware, software, patents, office equipment, and vehicle purchase obligations. The remaining
obligations relate mainly to marketing, consulting, maintenance, license agreements, and other third-party agreements. Historically, the majority of such purchase obligations have been realized. Commitments under operating leasing
contracts and purchase obligations as at December 31, 2012, were as follows: Other Financial Commitments € millions Operating Leases Purchase Obligations Due 2013 238 317 Due 2014–2017 527 218 Due thereafter 158 53 Total 923 588 F-53 Table of Contents Our rental and operating lease expenses were €277 million, €241 million, and
€267 million for the years 2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively. Contingent Liabilities In the normal course of business, we usually indemnify our customers against liabilities arising from a claim that our software products infringe a third
party’s patent, copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights. In addition, we occasionally grant function or performance guarantees in routine consulting contracts or development arrangements. Also, our software license agreements
generally include a clause guaranteeing that the software substantially conforms to the specifications as described in applicable documentation for a period of six to 12 months from delivery. Our product and service warranty liability, which is
measured based on historical experience and evaluation, is included in other provisions (see Note (18b)). For contingent liabilities related
to litigation matters, see Note (23). (23) Litigation and Claims We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, including
proceedings and claims that relate to companies we have acquired, and claims that relate to customers demanding indemnification for proceedings initiated against them based on their use of SAP software. We will continue to vigorously defend against
all claims and lawsuits against us. We record a provision for such matters when it is probable that we have a present obligation that results from a past event, is reliably estimable, and the settlement of which is probable to require an outflow of
resources embodying economic benefits. For the TomorrowNow litigation, we have recorded a provision of US$306 million (US$272 million as at December 31, 2011, US$1.3 billion as at December 31, 2010). We currently believe that resolving all
other claims and lawsuits against us, individually or in the aggregate, did not and will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, profit, or cash flows. Consequently, the provisions currently recorded for these other
claims and lawsuits are neither individually nor in aggregate material to SAP. However, the outcome of litigation and other claims or lawsuits is intrinsically subject to considerable
uncertainty. Management’s view of the litigation may also change in the future. Actual outcomes of litigation and other claims or lawsuits may differ from the assessments made by management in prior periods, which could result in a material
impact on our business, financial position, profit, cash flows, or reputation. We cannot reliably estimate the maximum possible loss in case of an unfavorable outcome. For a description of the development of the provisions recorded for litigation, see Note (18b). Among the claims and lawsuits are the following: Intellectual Property Litigation In March 2007, United States-based Oracle
Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries (Oracle) instituted legal proceedings in the United States against TomorrowNow, Inc., its parent company SAP America, Inc. and SAP America’s parent company SAP AG (SAP). Oracle filed several amended
complaints between 2007 and 2009. As amended, the lawsuit alleges copyright infringement, violations of the Federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and the California Computer Data Access and Fraud Act, unfair competition, intentional and negligent
interference with prospective economic advantage, and civil conspiracy. The lawsuit alleges that SAP unlawfully copied and misappropriated proprietary, copyrighted software products and other confidential materials developed by Oracle to service its
own customers. The lawsuit sought injunctive relief and monetary damages, including punitive damages, alleged by Oracle to be in the billions of U.S. dollars. The trial was held in November 2010. Prior to trial, SAP AG, SAP America and TomorrowNow
stipulated to liability for certain claims, and SAP agreed to pay Oracle US$120 million for attorneys’ fees. After the trial, the jury returned a damages verdict of US$1.3 billion. The judgment which was issued on February 3, 2011,
additionally provided for prejudgment interest of US$15 million. The judgment amount is also subject to post-judgment interest, which accrues from the time judgment is entered. F-54 Table of Contents The jury based its verdict on the theory of a hypothetical license, that is, the value of what TomorrowNow
would have paid if it had negotiated with Oracle a license for the copyrights infringed by TomorrowNow. Before and during the course of the trial, various damages amounts had been presented by the parties to the litigation. They included the
following: a) Before the trial, Oracle had requested damages in excess of US$3.5 billion based on alleged “saved acquisition costs”; the court dismissed that damage claim
based on a pretrial motion, but Oracle has the right to appeal that dismissal. b) During the trial, Oracle’s damages experts presented an amount of US$408 million based on lost profits and disgorgement of infringer’s profit. c) During the trial, members of Oracle management presented, as part of their testimonies, amounts of up to US$5 billion. Oracle’s damages expert presented a damages
estimate of “at least” US$1.655 billion under a hypothetical license theory. Oracle’s counsel asked the jury to award “somewhere between US$1.65 and US$3 billion.” d) During the trial, the damages expert for TomorrowNow and SAP presented an amount of US$28 million based on lost profits and infringer’s profits or, alternatively,
US$40.6 million based on a hypothetical license theory. Counsel for SAP and TomorrowNow asked the jury to award US$28 million. We believed both before and during the trial and continue to believe that the hypothetical license theory is not an appropriate basis for calculating the damages. Instead, we believe that damages should
be based on lost profits and infringer’s profits. As such, SAP filed post-trial motions asking the judge to overturn the judgment. A hearing on the post-trial motions was held in July 2011. On September 1, 2011, the trial judge issued an
order which set aside the jury verdict and vacated that part of the judgment awarding US$1.3 billion in damages. The trial judge also gave Oracle the choice of accepting reduced damages of US$272 million or having a new trial based on lost profits
and infringer’s profits. Oracle filed a motion seeking an early appeal from the ruling vacating the jury’s damages award, which was denied by the judge. Consequently, Oracle elected to proceed with a new trial. In lieu of a new trial, the
parties stipulated to a judgment of US$306 million while each preserving all rights for appeal. Both parties have filed their respective notice of appeal. On appeal, Oracle is seeking three forms of relief: (1) reinstatement of the November 2010 $1.3 billion verdict; (2) as a first alternative, a new trial at which Oracle may again seek hypothetical license damages (based
in part on evidence of alleged saved development costs) plus SAP’s alleged infringer’s profits without any deduction of expenses (Oracle does not put a number on its claim for the requested new trial); and (3) as a second alternative,
increase of the remittitur (alternative to new trial) to $408.7 million (vs. the $272 million Oracle had previously rejected). SAP has dismissed its cross-appeal. Additionally, in June 2007, SAP became aware that the United States Department of Justice (U.S. DOJ) had opened an investigation concerning related issues and had issued subpoenas to SAP and
TomorrowNow. The DOJ investigation has been resolved by way of a plea agreement which includes TomorrowNow pleading guilty to 11 counts of violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, one count of criminal copyright infringement, the payment
of a US$20 million fine and three years probation. No charges were brought against SAP AG or subsidiaries thereof other than TomorrowNow. In
April 2007, United States-based Versata Software, Inc. (formerly Trilogy Software, Inc.) (Versata) instituted legal proceedings in the United States against SAP. Versata alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims in each of
five patents held by Versata. In its complaint, Versata sougth unspecified monetary damages and permanent injunctive relief. The first trial was held in August 2009. The jury returned a verdict in favor of Versata and awarded Versata US$138.6
million for past damages. In January 2011, the court vacated the jury’s damages award and ordered a new trial on damages. The re-trial was held in May 2011. The jury returned a verdict in favor of Versata and awarded Versata US$345 million for
past damages. In September 2011, the judge denied SAP’s post-trial motions with the exception of reducing the damages verdict by US$16 million to approximately US$329 million. The judge also ordered approximately US$60 million in pre-judgment
interest. Additionally, the judge granted Versata’s request for a broad injunction which prohibits SAP from 1) selling products in the United States with the infringing functionality, 2) providing maintenance to or accepting maintenance
revenue from existing customers in the United States until such customers disable the infringing functionality and verify such disablement, and 3) licensing additional users to existing customers in the United States until such customers disable the
infringing functionality and F-55 Table of Contents verify such disablement. Finally, the judge stayed the injunction pending the outcome of an appeal. Both parties are appealing and the appeal briefs have been filed. The hearing is scheduled for
February 2013. Additionally, SAP has filed a petition with the United States Patent Office (“USPTO”) challenging the validity of the asserted Versata patent. The USPTO has granted SAP’s request to reconsider the validity of
Versata’s patent and instituted the relevant procedure (transitional post grant review). In January 2007, German-based CSB-Systems AG
(CSB) instituted legal proceedings in Germany against SAP. CSB alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims of a German patent and a German utility model held by CSB. In its complaint, CSB set the amount in dispute at
€1 million and sought permanent injunctive relief. Within these proceedings CSB is not precluded from requesting damages in excess of the amount in dispute. In July 2007, SAP filed its response in the legal proceedings including a nullity
action and cancelation proceeding against the patent and utility model, respectively. The nullity hearing on the German patent was held in January 2009 and the German court determined that the patent is invalid. On appeal in June 2011, the Federal
Supreme Court also concluded the patent was invalid. The cancelation hearing for the utility model was held in May 2009 and the court determined that the utility model was invalid. CSB is appealing the invalidity determination of the utility model,
however, the infringement hearing has been stayed pending the appeals. In May 2010, CSB-Systems International, Inc. (CSB) instituted legal
proceedings in the United States against SAP. CSB alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims in one patent held by CSB. In its complaint, CSB sought unspecified monetary damages and permanent injunctive relief. In February
2013, SAP and CSB resolved this dispute for an amount not material to SAP’s business, financial position, profit, or cash flows. In
August 2007, United States-based elcommerce.com, Inc. (elcommerce) instituted legal proceedings in the United States against SAP. elcommerce alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims in one patent held by elcommerce. In its
complaint, elcommerce sought unspecified monetary damages and permanent injunctive relief. The court in East Texas granted SAP’s request to transfer the litigation from East Texas to Pennsylvania. Subsequent to the Markman ruling by the court,
the parties agreed to the entry of final judgment regarding non-infringement by SAP. elcommerce has appealed the court’s Markman ruling. The hearing for the appeal was held in May 2012. In February 2010, United States-based TecSec, Inc. (TecSec) instituted legal proceedings in the United States against SAP, Sybase, IBM and many other
defendants. TecSec alleged that SAP’s products infringe one or more of the claims in five patents held by TecSec. In its complaint, TecSec seeks unspecified monetary damages and permanent injunctive relief. The trial has not yet been
scheduled. The legal proceedings have been stayed against all defendants pending the outcome of an appeal by TecSec regarding the court’s determination that IBM does not infringe the patents. SAP, along with the other defendants, is now
appealing. The hearing is scheduled for March 2013. In April 2010, SAP instituted legal proceedings (a Declaratory Judgment action) in the
United States against Wellogix, Inc. and Wellogix Technology Licensing, LLC (Wellogix). The lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment that five patents owned by Wellogix are invalid and/or not infringed by SAP. The trial has not yet been scheduled. The
legal proceedings have been stayed pending the outcome of re-examinations filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Other
Litigation In April 2008, South African-based Systems Applications Consultants (PTY) Limited (Securinfo) instituted legal proceedings
in South Africa against SAP. Securinfo alleges that SAP has caused one of its subsidiaries to breach a software distribution agreement with Securinfo. In its complaint, Securinfo seeks damages of approximately €610 million plus interest.
In September 2009, SAP filed a motion to dismiss which was rejected. A trial date which was scheduled for June 2011 has been postponed. In
November 2012, SAP filed a motion to dismiss based on a procedural aspect of the case. The court followed SAP’s argument and dismissed the claim by Securinfo. Securinfo appealed against this decision on December 19, 2012. We are subject to ongoing audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Along with many other companies operating in Brazil, we are involved in various
proceedings with Brazilian authorities regarding assessments and litigation matters on non-income taxes on intercompany royalty payments and intercompany services. The total F-56 Table of Contents potential amount related to these matters for all applicable years is approximately €87 million. We have not recorded a provision for these matters, as we believe that we will prevail on
these matters. For more information about income tax risk-related litigation, see Note (10). (24) Financial Risk Factors We are exposed to various financial risks, such as market risks (including foreign currency exchange rate risk, interest rate risk,
and equity price risk), credit risk, and liquidity risk. Market Risk a) Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk of
loss due to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Under IFRS, foreign currency exchange rate risks arise on account of monetary financial instruments denominated in currencies other than the functional currency where the non-functional
currency is the respective risk variable; translation risks are not taken into consideration. As a globally active enterprise, we are subject
to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currencies with regard to our ordinary operations. Since the Group’s entities mainly conduct their operating business in their own functional currencies, our risk of exchange rate fluctuations
from ongoing ordinary operations is not considered significant. However, occasionally we generate foreign-currency-denominated receivables, payables, and other monetary items by transacting in a currency other than the functional currency. To
mitigate the extent of the associated foreign currency exchange rate risk, the majority of these transactions are hedged as described in Note (25). In rare circumstances, transacting in a currency other than the functional currency also leads to embedded foreign currency derivatives being separated and measured at fair value through profit or loss. In addition, the Intellectual Property (IP) holders in the SAP Group are exposed to risks associated with forecasted intercompany cash flows
in foreign currencies. These cash flows arise out of royalty payments from subsidiaries to the respective IP holder. The royalties are linked to the subsidiaries’ external revenue. This arrangement leads to a concentration of the foreign currency exchange rate risk with the IP holders, as the royalties are mostly denominated in the subsidiaries’ local currencies, while the functional currency of
most of the IP holders is the euro. The highest foreign currency exchange rate exposure of this kind relates to the currencies of subsidiaries with significant operations, for example the U.S. dollar, the pound sterling, the Japanese yen, the Swiss
franc, the Canadian dollar, and the Australian dollar. Generally, we are not exposed to any significant foreign currency exchange rate risk
with regard to our investing and financing activities, as such activities are normally conducted in the functional currency of the investing or borrowing entity. However, during 2012 we were exposed to a cash flow risk from the consideration to be
paid in U.S. dollars for the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba, Inc. as the funds were provided through our free cash and acquisition term loans, both generated in euros. For more information, see Note (25). b) Interest Rate Risk Interest-rate
risks result from changes in market interest rates, which can cause changes in the fair values of fixed-rate instruments and in the interest to be paid or received for variable-rate instruments. We are exposed to interest-rate risk as a result
of our investing and financing activities mainly in euros and U.S. dollars. As at December 31, 2012, our liquidity was mainly invested
in time deposits and bonds with fixed yields, and money market instruments with variable yields, held as cash equivalents and current and non-current investments. Since we do not account for the fixed-yield time deposits held at year-end at fair
value, we are not exposed to an interest-rate risk with regard to these investments. However, a fair value interest rate exposure arises from the bonds classified as available for sale. Also, we are exposed to a cash flow risk from the
variable-yield money market funds, mainly held in the U.S. As at December 31, 2012, we are not exposed to an interest-rate risk from our
financing activities (for more information about the individual instruments, see Note (17b)) as all our issued bonds with a total volume of €2.9 billion, the U.S. private placement notes with a volume of US$2.65 billion, and the
remaining tranche of €86 million of the German promissory notes pay fixed interest. F-57 Table of Contents c) Equity Price Risk Equity-price risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in equity markets. We are exposed to such risk with regard to our investments in listed equity securities (2012: €52 million; 2011:
€39 million) and our share-based payments (for the exposure from these plans, see Note (27)). Credit Risk Credit risk is the risk of economic loss of principal or financial rewards stemming from a counterparty’s failure to repay or service debt according
to the contractual obligations. To reduce the credit risk in trade receivables and investments, we have made the following arrangements: • An agreement with an insurer to insure part of our trade receivables against credit losses • The receipt of rights to collateral for certain investing activities in the full amount of the investment volume, which we would only be allowed to
make use of in the case of default of the counterparty to the investment. With the exception of these transactions, we have
not executed significant agreements to reduce our overall credit risk exposure, such as master netting arrangements. Therefore, the total amounts recognized as cash and cash equivalents, current investments, loans and other financial receivables, and derivative financial assets represent
our maximum exposure to credit risks, except for the agreements mentioned above. Liquidity Risk Liquidity risk results from the potential inability to meet financial obligations, such as payments to suppliers or employees. A maturity analysis that
provides the remaining contractual maturities of all our financial liabilities held at December 31, 2012, is shown in the table below. Financial liabilities shown in the table below for which repayment can be requested by the contract partner
at any time are assigned to the earliest possible period. Variable interest payments were calculated using the last relevant interest rate fixed as at December 31, 2012. As we settle our derivative contracts gross, we show the pay and receive
legs separately for all our currency and interest rate derivatives, whether or not the fair value of the derivative is negative. The cash outflows for the currency derivatives are translated using the applicable forward rate. The cash flows for unrecognized but contractually agreed financial commitments are shown in Note (23). F-58 Table of Contents Contractual Maturities of Financial Liabilities and Financial Assets Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows € millions 12/31/2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Thereafter Non-derivative financial liabilities Trade payables –684 –684 0 0 0 0 0 Financial liabilities –5,051 –757 –705 –874 –534 –904 –1,922 Total of non-derivative financial liabilities – 5,735 – 1,441 – 705 – 874 – 534 – 904 – 1,922 Derivative financial liabilities and assets Derivative financial liabilities Currency derivatives without designated hedge relationship –195 Cash outflows –2,996 –10 –10 –10 –9 –26 Cash inflows 2,875 0 0 0 0 0 Currency derivatives with designated hedge relationship –2 Cash outflows –157 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 154 0 0 0 0 0 Interest rate derivatives with designated hedge relationship 0 Cash outflows 0 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 0 0 0 0 0 0 Derivative financial assets Currency derivatives without designated hedge relationship 46 Cash outflows –2,690 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 2,735 0 0 0 0 0 Currency derivatives with designated hedge relationship 29 Cash outflows –460 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 485 0 0 0 0 0 Total of derivative financial liabilities and assets – 122 – 54 – 10 – 10 – 10 – 9 – 26 F-59 Table of Contents Contractual Maturities of Financial Liabilities and Financial Assets Carrying Amount Contractual Cash Flows € millions 12/31/2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Thereafter Non-derivative financial liabilities Trade payables –727 –727 0 0 0 0 0 Financial liabilities –4,034 –1,264 –687 –840 –276 –495 –792 Total of non-derivative financial liabilities – 4,761 – 1,991 – 687 – 840 – 276 – 495 – 792 Derivative financial liabilities and assets Derivative financial liabilities Currency derivatives without designated hedge relationship –179 Cash outflows –2,887 –10 –10 –10 –10 –40 Cash inflows 2,797 0 0 0 0 0 Currency derivatives with designated hedge relationship –34 Cash outflows –569 –50 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 534 49 0 0 0 0 Interest rate derivatives with designated hedge relationship –8 Cash outflows –9 –5 –3 0 0 0 Cash inflows 6 3 1 0 0 0 Derivative financial assets Currency derivatives without designated hedge relationship 118 Cash outflows –2,172 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 2,281 0 0 0 0 0 Currency derivatives with designated hedge relationship 4 Cash outflows –82 0 0 0 0 0 Cash inflows 87 0 0 0 0 0 Total of derivative financial liabilities and assets – 99 – 14 – 13 – 12 – 10 – 10 – 40 The change in our non-derivative financial liabilities will lead to an overall increase in cash outflows
compared to the end of 2012. This is because the 2012 financing activities totaled €2.3 billion whereas repayments were only €1.3 billion in 2012. For more information, see Note (17b). (25) Financial Risk Management We manage market risks (including foreign currency exchange rate risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk), credit risk, and
liquidity risk on a Group-wide basis through our global treasury department. Our risk management and hedging strategy is set by our treasury guideline and other internal guidelines, and is subject to continuous internal risk analysis. Derivative
financial instruments are only purchased to reduce risks and not for speculation, which is defined as entering into derivative instruments without a corresponding underlying transaction. In the following sections we provide details on the management of each respective financial risk and our
related risk exposure. In the sensitivity analyses that show the effects of hypothetical changes of relevant risk variables on profit or other comprehensive income, we determine the periodic effects by relating the hypothetical changes in the risk
variables to the balance of financial instruments at the reporting date. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Management We continually monitor our exposure to currency fluctuation risks based on monetary items and forecasted transactions and pursue a
Group-wide strategy to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk, using derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts, as appropriate, with the primary aim of reducing profit or loss volatility. F-60 Table of Contents Currency Hedges Without Designated Hedge Relationship The foreign exchange forward contracts we enter into to offset exposure relating to foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities from our
operating activities are not designated as being in a hedge accounting relationship, because the realized currency gains and losses from the underlying items are recognized in profit or loss in the same periods as the gains and losses from the
derivatives. Currency hedges without a designated hedge relationship also include foreign currency derivatives embedded in non-derivative
host contracts that are separated and accounted for as derivatives according to the requirements of IAS 39. In addition, during 2012 we
held foreign currency options and deal-contingent forward contracts to partially hedge the cash flow risk from the consideration paid in U.S. dollars for the acquisitions of SuccessFactors and Ariba. Currency Hedges with Designated Hedge Relationship (Cash Flow Hedges) We enter into derivative financial instruments, primarily foreign exchange forward contracts, to hedge significant forecasted cash flows (royalties) from foreign subsidiaries denominated in foreign
currencies with a defined set of hedge ratios and a hedge horizon of up to 15 months. Specifically, we exclude the interest component and only designate the spot rate of the foreign exchange forward contracts as the hedging instrument to offset
anticipated cash flows relating to the subsidiaries with significant operations, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland, Canada, and Australia. We generally use foreign exchange derivatives that have maturities of 15
months or less, which may be rolled over to provide continuous coverage until the applicable royalties are received. In 2012, net gains
totaling €17 million (2011: net losses of €14 million; 2010: net losses of €55 million) resulting from the change in the component of the derivatives designated as hedging instruments were recorded in other comprehensive
income. For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, no previously highly probable transaction designated as a hedged item in a
foreign currency cash flow hedge relationship ceased to be probable. Therefore, we did not discontinue any of our cash flow hedge relationships. Also, we identified no ineffectiveness in all years reported. In 2012, we reclassified net losses of
€24 million (2011: net losses of €13 million; 2010: net losses of €44 million) from other comprehensive income to profit or loss due to the hedged items affecting income. Generally, the cash flows of the hedged forecasted
transactions are expected to occur and to be recognized in profit or loss monthly within a time frame of 15 months from the date of the statement of financial position. It is estimated that €20 million of the net gains recognized in other
comprehensive income in 2012, will be reclassified from other comprehensive income to profit or loss during fiscal year 2013. Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Exposure In line with our internal risk reporting process, we use the value-at-risk method to quantify our risk
positions and to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk. Our calculation of the value-at-risk includes both, our foreign currency-denominated financial instruments, and our forecasted intercompany transactions, although the latter are scoped out
of IFRS 7. As our internal calculation of value-at-risk is thus not in line with the requirements of IFRS 7, we have opted to disclose our risk exposure based on a sensitivity analysis considering the following: • Since the SAP Group’s entities generally operate in their functional currencies, the majority of our non-derivative monetary financial
instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables, loans to employees and third parties, bank liabilities, and other financial liabilities, are denominated in the respective entities’ functional currency. Thus, a
foreign currency exchange rate risk in these transactions is nearly non existent. In exceptional cases and limited economic environments, operating and financing transactions are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency,
leading to a foreign currency exchange rate risk for the related monetary instruments. Where we hedge against currency impacts on cash flows, these foreign-currency-denominated financial instruments are economically converted into the functional
currency by the use of forward exchange contracts or options. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates neither have a significant impact on profit nor on other comprehensive income with regard to our non-derivative monetary
financial instruments. F-61 Table of Contents • Income or expenses recorded in connection with the non-derivative monetary financial instruments discussed above are mainly recognized in the relevant
entity’s functional currency. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates neither have a significant impact on profit nor on other comprehensive income in this regard. • Our free-standing derivatives designed for hedging foreign currency exchange rate risks almost completely balance the changes in the fair values of the
hedged item attributable to exchange rate movements in the Consolidated Income Statements in the same period. As a consequence, the hedged items and the hedging instruments are not exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks, and thereby have no
effect on profit or other comprehensive income. Consequently, we are only exposed to significant foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations with regard
to: • Derivatives held within a designated cash-flow hedge relationship (excluding the interest element, which is not part of the assigned cash flow hedge
relationships) • Foreign currency embedded derivatives • The foreign currency options held as at December 31, 2011, in connection with the acquisition of SuccessFactors. If we do not have a significant exposure towards a single currency, we disclose our sensitivity to our major foreign currencies (as described in Note
(24)) in total. Foreign Currency Sensitivity Effects on Other Non-Operating Expense, Net Effects on Other Comprehensive Income € millions 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Derivatives held within a designated cash-flow hedge relationship All major currencies –10% 60 70 46 All major currencies +10% –60 –70 –46 Embedded derivatives Swiss franc –10% 38 41 42 Swiss franc +10% –38 –41 –42 other currencies –10% 3 0 0 other currencies +10% –3 0 0 Freestanding foreign currency options related to SuccessFactors acquisition U.S. dollar –10% 0 6 0 U.S. dollar +10% 0 –50 0 Our foreign currency exposure as at December 31 (and if year-end exposure is not representative, also our
average/high/low exposure) was as follows: Foreign Currency Exposure € billions 2012 2011 Year end exposure towards all our major currencies 1.0 2.4 Average exposure 2.4 1.3 Highest exposure 3.7 2.4 Lowest exposure 1.0 0.8 Our sensitivity to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations has decreased compared to the year ended December 31,
2011, mainly because there were no acquisition-related foreign currency derivatives outstanding. F-62 Table of Contents Interest Rate Risk Management The primary aim of our interest rate risk management is to reduce profit or loss volatility by creating a balanced structure of fixed and variable cash flows. We therefore manage interest rate risks by
adding interest rate-related derivative instruments to a given portfolio of investments and debt financing. As at December 31, 2012, a
cash flow interest rate risk existed with regard to our investing activities in money market instruments with variable yields in the amount of €396 million. All (2011: 97%) of our total interest-bearing financial liabilities outstanding as at December 31, 2012, had a fixed interest rate whereas 65% (2011: 69%) of our interest-bearing investments had a
fixed interest rate. Therefore, we are mainly exposed to an interest rate risk from our variable-yield money market instruments. Derivatives with Designated Hedge Relationship (Cash Flow Hedges) During 2012, we held interest rate derivatives with a designated hedge relationship for which we reclassified net losses of €7 million (2011: net losses of €4 million; 2010: net losses of
€6 million) out of other comprehensive income to finance income, net due to the hedged items affecting income or being repaid early. We did not record any ineffectiveness for these hedges in any of the fiscal years reported. Interest Rate Exposure A sensitivity
analysis is provided to show our interest rate risk exposure, considering the following: • Changes in interest rates only affect non-derivative fixed-rate financial instruments if they are recognized at fair value. Therefore, we do not have a
fair value risk in our non-derivative financial liabilities as we account for them at amortized cost. On December 31 of each year end reported, we had fixed-rate bonds classified as available-for-sale as described in Note (24). We therefore consider interest rate changes
relating to the fair value measurement of such fixed-rate non-derivative financial assets classified as available-for-sale in the equity-related sensitivity calculation. • Income or expenses recorded in connection with non-derivative financial instruments with variable interest rates are subject to interest rate risk if
they are not hedged items in an effective hedge relationship. Thus, we take into consideration interest rate changes relating to our variable-rate financing and our investments in money market instruments in the profit-related sensitivity
calculation. • Due to the designation of interest rate payer swaps to a cash flow hedge relationship, the interest rate changes affect the respective amounts recorded
in other comprehensive income. The movements related to the interest rate swaps’ variable leg are not reflected in the sensitivity calculation, as they offset the variable-interest-rate payments for the SSD. We therefore only consider interest
rate sensitivity in discounting the interest rate swaps’ fixed leg cash flows in the equity-related sensitivity calculation for the interest rate swaps designated to be in a hedge relationship. Due to the current low interest rate level we base our sensitivity analyses on a yield curve shift of +100/–20 basis points to avoid negative
interest rates. If, on December 31, 2012, 2011, and 2010, interest rates had been 100 basis points higher (20 basis points lower), this
would not have had a material effect on the following: • The gains/losses on available-for-sale financial assets positions in other comprehensive income • Finance income, net for our variable-interest-rate investments and financial debt • The effective portion of the interest rate cash flow hedge in other comprehensive income F-63 Table of Contents Our interest rate exposure as at December 31 (and if year end exposure is not representative, also our
average/high/low exposure) was as follows: Interest rate risk exposure € billions 2012 2011 Year end Average High Low Year end Average High Low Fair value interest rate risk From investments 0.03 0.1 0.3 0 0.4 0.25 0.5 0 Cash flow interest rate risk From investments 0.4 0.9 1.4 0.4 1.4 1.3 1.4 0.875 From financing 0 1.1 3.2 0 0.1 0.308 1.1 0.1 Equity-Price Risk Management Our investments in equity instruments with quoted market prices in active markets (2012: €52 million; 2011: €39 million) are monitored based on the current market value that is affected by
the fluctuations in the volatile stock markets worldwide. An assumed 20% increase (decrease) in equity prices as at December 31, 2012 (2011), would not have a material impact on the value of our investments in marketable equity securities and
the corresponding entries in other comprehensive income. We are exposed to equity price risk with regard to our share-based payments. In
order to reduce resulting profit or loss volatility, we hedge certain cash flow exposures associated with these plans through the purchase of derivative instruments, but do not establish a designated hedge relationship. In our sensitivity analysis
we include the underlying share-based payments and the hedging instruments. Thus, we base the calculation on our net exposure to equity prices as we believe taking only the derivative instrument into account would not properly reflect our equity
price risk exposure. An assumed 20% increase (decrease) in equity prices as at December 31, 2012, would have increased (decreased) our share-based payment expenses by €139 million (€117 million) (2011: increased by
€27 million (decreased by €25 million); 2010: €53 million). Credit Risk Management To mitigate the credit risk for our investing activities and derivative financial assets, we conduct all our activities only with approved major
financial institutions and issuers that carry high external ratings, as required by our internal treasury guideline. Among its stipulations, the guideline requires that we invest only in assets from issuers with a minimum rating of at least BBB which was lowered from A– due to the current market environment. We only make investments in issuers with a lower rating in exceptional
cases. However, such investments were not material in 2012. The weighted average rating of our financial assets is in the range A to A–. We pursue a policy of cautious investments characterized by predominantly current investments, standard
investment instruments, as well as a wide portfolio diversification by doing business with a variety of counterparties. To further reduce our
credit risk, we require collateral for certain investments in the full amount of the investment volume which we would be allowed to make use of in the case of default of the counterparty to the investment. As such collateral, we only accept bonds of
non-financial corporations with at least investment grade rating level. In addition, the concentration of credit risk that exists when
counterparties are involved in similar activities by instrument, sector, or geographic area is further mitigated by diversification of counterparties throughout the world and adherence to an internal limit system for each counterparty. This internal
limit system stipulates that the business volume with individual counterparties is restricted to a defined limit, which depends on the lowest official long-term credit rating available by at least one of the major rating agencies, the Tier 1 capital
of the respective financial institution, or participation in the German Depositors’ Guarantee Fund or similar protection schemes. We continuously monitor strict compliance with these counterparty limits. As the premium for credit default swaps
mainly depends on the market participants’ assessments of the creditworthiness of a debtor, we also closely observe the development of CDS spreads in the market to evaluate probable risk developments to timely react to changes if these should
manifest. F-64 Table of Contents The default risk of our trade receivables is managed separately, mainly based on assessing the
creditworthiness of customers through external ratings and our historical experience with respective customers, and it is partially covered by merchandise credit insurance. Outstanding receivables are continuously monitored locally. Credit risks are accounted for through individual and portfolio allowances (described in detail in Note (3)). The impact of default on our trade
receivables from individual customers is mitigated by our large customer base and its distribution across many different industries, company sizes, and countries worldwide. For more information about our trade receivables, see Note (13). For
information about the maximum exposure to credit risk, see Note (24). Liquidity Risk Management Our liquidity is managed by our global treasury department with the primary aim of maintaining liquidity at a level that is adequate to meet our
financial obligations. Our primary source of liquidity is funds generated from our business operations, which have historically been the
primary source of the liquid funds needed to maintain our investing and financing strategy. The majority of our subsidiaries pool their cash surplus to our global treasury department, which then arranges to fund other subsidiaries’ requirements
or invest any net surplus in the market, seeking to optimize yields, while ensuring liquidity, by investing only with counterparties and issuers of high credit quality, as explained above. Hence, high levels of liquid assets and marketable
securities provide a strategic reserve, helping keep SAP flexible, sound, and independent. Apart from effective working capital and cash
management, we have reduced the liquidity risk inherent in managing our day-to-day operations and meeting our financing responsibilities by arranging an adequate volume of available credit facilities with various financial institutions on which we
can draw if necessary. In order to retain high financial flexibility, as at December 15, 2010, SAP AG entered into a
€1.5 billion syndicated credit facility agreement with an initial term of five years ending in December 2015. The use of the facility is not restricted by any financial covenants. Borrowings under the facility bear interest of EURIBOR or
LIBOR for the respective currency plus a margin of 45 basis points to 75 basis points, depending on the amount drawn. We are also required to pay a commitment fee of 15.75 basis points per annum on the unused available credit. Since the inception,
we have not drawn on the facility. Furthermore, as at December 15, 2011, SAP AG secured another credit facility in the amount of €200 million bearing fixed interest with the exact borrowing rate determined at the date of drawdown at
the applicable EURIBOR plus a margin of 35 basis points per annum. Additionally, as at December 31, 2012, and 2011, SAP AG had available
lines of credit totaling €489 million and €490 million, respectively. As at December 31, 2012, and 2011, there were no borrowings outstanding under these lines of credit. As at December 31, 2012, and 2011, certain
subsidiaries had lines of credit available that allowed them to borrow in local currencies at prevailing interest rates up to €48 million and €54 million, respectively. There were no borrowings outstanding under these credit
facilities from any of our foreign subsidiaries as at December 31, 2012, and borrowings as at December 31, 2011, were immaterial. (26) Additional Fair Value Disclosures on Financial Instruments Fair Value of Financial Instruments We use various types of financial instruments in the ordinary course of business which are grouped into the following categories: loans and receivables (L&R), available-for-sale (AFS),
held-for-trading (HFT), and amortized cost (AC). F-65 Table of Contents The table below shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and liabilities by category
of financial instrument as well as by category of IAS 39. Since the line items “Trade receivables,” “Trade payables”, and “Other financial assets” contain both financial and non-financial assets or liabilities (such as
other taxes or advance payments), the non-financial assets or liabilities are shown in the column headed “Not in Scope of IFRS 7” to allow a reconciliation to the corresponding line items in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. The carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments as at December 31 were as follows: Fair Values of
Financial Instruments € millions 2012 2011 Book Value 12/31 /2012 Measurement Categories Fair Value 12/31 /2012 Not in Scope of IFRS 7 Book Value 12/31 /2011 Measurement Categories Fair Value 12/31 /2011 Not in Scope of IFRS 7 Category At Amortized Cost At Cost At Fair Value At Amortized Cost At Cost At Fair Value Assets Cash and cash equivalents L&R 2,477 2,477 2,477 4,965 4,965 4,965 Trade receivables L&R 4,005 3,837 3,837 168 3,577 3,431 3,431 145 Other financial assets 787 1,355 Debt securities L&R/AFS 29 29 400 400 Equity securities AFS 149 52 52 46 122 39 39 47 Other non-derivative financial assets L&R 159 159 208 396 396 186 Derivative assets With hedging relationship – 29 29 4 4 Without hedging relationship HFT 115 115 161 161 Liabilities Trade payables AC –933 –684 –684 –249 –980 –727 –727 –253 Financial liabilities –5,248 –4,256 Non-derivative financial liabilities AC –5,051 –5,228 –4,034 –4,107 Derivatives With hedging relationship – –2 –2 –43 –43 Without hedging relationship HFT –195 –195 –179 –179 Total financial instruments, net 1,088 738 149 28 589 173 4,661 4,031 122 382 4,340 125 Aggregation according to IAS 39 Financial assets At fair value through profit or loss HFT 115 115 115 161 161 161 Available-for-sale AFS 230 149 81 81 561 122 439 439 Loans and receivables L&R 6,641 6,473 6,473 168 8,937 8,792 8,792 145 Financial liabilities At fair value through profit or loss HFT –195 –195 –195 –179 –179 –179 At amortized cost AC –5,984 –5,735 –5,912 –249 –5,014 –4,761 –4,834 –253 Outside scope of IAS 39 Financial instruments related to employee benefit plans 208 208 186 186 Investment in associates 46 46 47 47 Derivatives with hedging relationship 27 27 27 –39 –39 –39 Total financial instruments, net 1,088 738 149 28 589 173 4,660 4,031 122 382 4,340 125 F-66 Table of Contents Determination of Fair Values IAS 39 defines fair value as the amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or a liability settled, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s length transaction. Accordingly, best
evidence of fair value provides quoted prices in an active market. Where market prices are not readily available, valuation techniques have to be used to establish fair value. We have classified our financial instruments into those that are measured
at fair value and those that are measured at cost or amortized cost. Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value Depending on the inputs used for determining fair value, we have categorized our financial instruments at fair value into a three-level fair value
hierarchy as mandated by IFRS 7. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The inputs used to measure fair value for one single instrument may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input
to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The levels of the
fair value hierarchy, its application to our financial assets and liabilities, and the respective determination of fair value are described below: • Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. • Marketable available-for-sale debt and equity investments: The fair values of these marketable securities are based on quoted market prices as at
December 31. • Level 2: Inputs other than those that can be observed, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities. • Derivative financial instruments: The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is based on discounting the expected future cash flows over the
respective remaining term of the contracts using the respective deposit interest rates and spot rates. The fair value of our foreign currency options is calculated taking into account current spot rates and strike prices, the volatility of the
respective currencies, the remaining term of the options as well as market interest rates. The fair value of the derivatives entered into to hedge our share-based payments are calculated considering risk-free interest rates, the remaining term of
the derivatives, the dividend yields, the stock price, and the volatility of our share. • Available-for-sale equity investments in public companies: Certain of our equity investments in public companies were restricted from being sold for a
limited period. Therefore, fair value is determined based on quoted market prices as at December 31, deducting a discount for the disposal restriction based on the premium for a respective put option. • Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. F-67 Table of Contents The following table allocates those financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in
accordance with IAS 39 either through profit or loss or other comprehensive income as at December 31, 2012, to the three levels of the fair value hierarchy according to IFRS 7. Classification of Financial Instruments 2012 2011 € millions Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets Debt investments 29 0 0 29 400 0 0 400 Equity investments 52 0 0 52 18 21 0 39 Available-for-sale financial assets 81 0 0 81 418 21 0 439 Derivative financial assets 0 144 0 144 0 165 0 165 Total 81 144 0 225 418 186 0 604 Financial liabilities Derivative financial liabilities 0 197 0 197 0 222 0 222 Total 0 197 0 197 0 222 0 222 Financial Instruments Measured at Cost/at Amortized Cost The fair values of these financial instruments are determined as follows: • Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, other non-derivative financial assets: Because the financial assets are primarily short-term, it is
assumed that their carrying values approximate their fair values. Non-interest-bearing or below market-rate non-current loans to third parties or employees are discounted to the present value of estimated future cash flows using the original
effective interest rate the respective borrower would have to pay to a bank for a similar loan. • Available-for-sale equity investments in private companies: For these investments in equity instruments primarily consisting of venture capital
investments, fair values cannot readily be observed as they do not have a quoted market price in an active market. Also, calculating fair value by discounting estimated future cash flows is not possible as a determination of cash flows is not
reliable. Therefore, such investments are accounted for at cost approximating fair value, with impairment being assessed based on revenue multiples of similar companies and review of each investment’s cash position, financing needs, earnings and revenue outlook, operational performance, management and ownership changes, and
competition. • Accounts payable and non-derivative financial liabilities: Non-derivative financial liabilities include financial debt and other non-derivative
financial liabilities. Accounts payable and other non-derivative financial liabilities are mainly short-term, and thus their fair values approximate their carrying values. The carrying values of financial debt with variable interest rates generally
approximate the fair values. The fair value of fixed-rate financial debt is based on quoted market prices or determined by discounting the cash flows using the market interest rates on December 31. (27) Share-Based Payments SAP has granted awards under various cash-settled and equity-settled share-based payments to its directors and employees. Most of
these awards are described in detail below. SAP has other share-based payments, none of which, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. F-68 Table of Contents a) Cash-Settled Share-Based Payments SAP’s stock appreciation rights are cash-settled share-based payments and include the following programs: Employee Participation Plan (EPP) and Long
Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan for the Executive Board and Global Managing Board) 2015, Stock Option Plan (SOP 2007 (2008 tranche)), SOP Performance Plan 2009 (SOP PP), Stock Option Plan 2010 (SOP 2010 (2010–2012 tranches)), BO Rights (former
Business Objects awards assumed in connection with the Business Objects acquisition in 2008), acquired SFSF Rights (former SuccessFactors awards assumed in connection with the SuccessFactors acquisition in 2012), and acquired Ariba Rights (former Ariba awards
assumed in connection with the Ariba acquisition in 2012). SAP purchased various call options to hedge part of the anticipated cash flow exposure relating to its share-based payments. The call options have been structured to replicate the payouts
required, if any, under the terms of the rights. Through the hedging program, the change in fair value of the call options offsets the personnel expense on the options recognized. The following parameters and
assumptions were used for calculating the fair value at grant date: Fair Value and Parameters at Grant Date by Cash-Settled Plan 2012 2011 2010 Plan LTI Plan 2015 (2012 Tranche) EPP 2015 (2012 Tranche) SOP 2010 (2012 Tranche) SFSF Rights 1) Ariba Rights 1) SOP 2010 (2011 Tranche) SOP 2010 (2010 Tranche) 2/7/– Grant date 9/1/2012 4/5/2012 6/8/2012 2/21/2012 10/1/2012 6/9/2011 9/9/2010 Weighted average fair value €45.33 €49.91 €8.16 €30.24 €34.79 €8.24 €6.46 Expected life in years 3.9 0.8 5.7 n.a. n.a. 5.8 5.8 Risk-free interest rate (depending on maturity) 0.56 % 0.10 % 0.64 % n.a. n.a. 2.64 % 1.63 % Grant price of SAP share €46.01 €46.01 €44.80 n.a. n.a. €42.03 €35.48 Price of SAP share €48.20 €50.78 €45.38 n.a. n.a. €41.73 €35.45 Expected volatility of SAP shares n.a. n.a. 30.2% n.a. n.a. 27.1 % 26.9 % Expected dividend yield of SAP shares 1.53 % 2.14 % 2.07 % n.a. n.a. 1.66 % 1.65 % 1) Fair value at acquisition date F-69 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012, the valuation of our outstanding cash-settled plans was based on the following
parameters and assumptions: Fair Value and Parameters Used at Year End for Cash-Settled Plans LTI Plan 2015 (2012 Tranche) EPP 2015 (2012 Tranche) SOP 2007 (2008 Tranche) SOP PP SOP 2010 (2010–2012 Tranche) SFSF Rights Ariba Rights BO Rights Option pricing model used Other 1 Other 1 Binomial Monte- Carlo Monte-Carlo n.a. n.a. Other 1 Range of grant dates 2/7/2012 4/5/2012 3/3/2008 5/6/2009 9/9/2010 2/21/2012 10/1/2012 2/10/1998 9/1/2012 6/8/2012 1/21/2008 Quantity of awards issued in thousands 349 2,752 8,650 10,321 18,920 4,534 4,091 5,162 Weighted average fair value as at December 31, 2012 €57.79 €60.69 €23.30 €7.36 €17.06 €30.32 €34.11 €57.06 Weighted average intrinsic value as at December 31, 2012 €60.69 €60.69 €24.73 €4.76 €14.79 €30.32 €34.11 €57.06 Expected remaining life as at December 31, 2012 in years 3.1 0.1 0.1 1.2 4.1 0.9 0.7 1.9 Risk-free interest rate (depending on maturity) 0.06% 0.00% –0.01% –0.04% 0.03% to 0.41% n.a. n.a. n.a. Expected volatility SAP shares n.a. n.a. 55.0% 19.8% 25.8% to 29.6% n.a. n.a. n.a. Expected dividend yield SAP shares 1.55% n.a. 1.55% 1.55% 1.55% n.a. n.a. n.a. Share price of reference index n.a. n.a. n.a. €192.95 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Expected volatility reference index n.a. n.a. n.a. 5.5% n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Expected dividend yield reference index n.a. n.a. n.a. 1.39% n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Expected correlation SAP share/reference index n.a. n.a. n.a. 42.1% n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 1 For these awards the fair value is calculated by subtracting the net present value of expected future dividend payments, if any, until maturity of the
respective award from the prevailing share price as of the valuation date. Expected volatility of the SAP share price is based on a mixture of implied volatility from traded options
with corresponding lifetimes and exercise prices as well as historical volatility with the same expected life as the options granted. For the SOP PP valuation, the expected volatility of the Tech Peer Group Index (ISIN DE000A0YKR94) (TechPGI) is
based on the historical volatility derived from the index price history. Expected remaining life of the options reflects both the contractual term and the expected, or historical,
exercise behavior. The risk-free interest rate is derived from German government bonds with a similar duration. Dividend yield is based on expectations of future dividends. F-70 Table of Contents The number of awards under our cash-settled plans developed as follows in the years ended December 31,
2012, 2011, and 2010: Changes in Numbers of Outstanding Awards Under Our Cash-Settled Plans € thousands LTI Plan 2015 (2012 Tranche) EPP 2015 (2012 Tranche) SOP 2007 (2007/ 2008 Tranche) SOP PP SOP 2010 (2010 – 2012 Tranche) SFSF Rights Ariba Rights BO Rights Outstanding as at 12/31/2009 n.a. n.a. 13,488 10,078 n.a. n.a. n.a. 1,887 Granted in 2010 n.a. n.a. 0 0 5,397 n.a. n.a. 0 Exercised/paid in 2010 n.a. n.a. –167 0 0 n.a. n.a. –571 Expired in 2010 n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 n.a. n.a. 0 Forfeited in 2010 n.a. n.a. –323 –503 –24 n.a. n.a. –216 Outstanding as at 12/31/2010 n.a. n.a. 12,998 9,575 5,373 n.a. n.a. 1,100 Granted in 2011 n.a. n.a. 0 0 5,192 n.a. n.a. 0 Exercised/paid in 2011 n.a. n.a. –8,172 0 0 n.a. n.a. –432 Expired in 2011 n.a. n.a. 0 0 0 n.a. n.a. 0 Forfeited in 2011 n.a. n.a. –832 –632 –515 n.a. n.a. –130 Outstanding as at 12/31/2011 n.a. n.a. 3,994 8,943 10,050 n.a. n.a. 538 Granted in 2012 349 2,752 0 0 8,331 4,534 4,091 0 Adjustment based upon KPI achievement in 2012 117 880 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. Exercised/paid in 2012 0 0 –3,170 –3,294 0 –1,826 –1,587 –195 Expired in 2012 0 0 –414 0 0 0 0 0 Forfeited in 2012 0 –130 –8 –805 –954 –305 –144 –30 Outstanding as at 12/31/2012 466 3,502 402 4,844 17,427 2,403 2,360 313 Additional information Awards exercisable as at 12/31/2010 n.a. n.a. 12,998 0 0 n.a. n.a. 1,060 Awards exercisable as at 12/31/2011 n.a. n.a. 3,994 8,943 0 n.a. n.a. 538 Awards exercisable as at 12/31/2012 0 0 402 4,844 0 0 0 313 Aggregate intrinsic value of vested awards in € millions, as at 12/31/2010 n.a. n.a. 15 0 0 n.a. n.a. 22 Aggregate intrinsic value of vested awards in € millions, as at 12/31/2011 n.a. n.a. 15 0 0 n.a. n.a. 10 Aggregate intrinsic value of vested awards in € millions, as at 12/31/2012 28 213 10 23 0 3 3 18 Weighted average share price in € for share options exercised in 2010 n.a. n.a. 36.98 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 35.38 Weighted average share price in € for share options exercised in 2011 n.a. n.a. 43.46 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 42.12 Weighted average share price in € for share options exercised in 2012 n.a. n.a. 51.06 60.40 n.a. 30.32 34.11 49.40 Provision as at 12/31/2010 in € millions n.a. n.a. 59 36 4 n.a. n.a. 24 Provision as at 12/31/2011 in € millions n.a. n.a. 20 28 27 n.a. n.a. 17 Provision as at 12/31/2012 in € millions 53 212 9 36 137 39 51 18 Expense recognized in 2010 in € millions n.a. n.a. 0 21 4 n.a. n.a. 6 Expense recognized in 2011 in € millions n.a. n.a. –4 –8 28 n.a. n.a. 5 Expense recognized in 2012 in € millions 53 216 3 20 74 38 21 9 F-71 Table of Contents a.1) Employee Participation Plan (EPP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTI Plan) 2015 SAP implemented two new share-based payments in 2012: an Employee Participation Plan (EPP) 2015 for employees and a Long Term Incentive (LTI) Plan 2015 for members of the Executive Board and the Global
Managing Board. The plans are focused on SAP’s share price and the achievement of two financial key performance indicators (KPIs):
non-IFRS total revenue and non-IFRS operating profit, which are derived from the Company’s 2015 financial KPIs. Under these plans, virtual shares, called restricted share units (RSUs), are granted to participants. Participants are paid out in
cash based on the number of RSUs that vest. Starting in 2012, the RSUs will be granted and allocated at the beginning of each year through
2015, with EPP 2015 RSUs subject to annual Executive Board approval. Participants under the LTI Plan 2015 have already been granted a budget for the years 2012 – 2015. Almost all participants under the LTI Plan 2015 are members of the Executive
Board. The total amount granted to the Executive Board members in 2012 was €55 million. The RSU allocation process will take place
at the beginning of each year based on SAP’s share price after the publication of its preliminary annual results for the last financial year prior to the performance period. At the end of the given year, the number of RSUs that finally vest with plan participants depends on SAP’s actual performance for the given year, and might be higher or lower than the number of RSUs
originally granted. If both KPIs achieve at least a defined 80% threshold, the RSUs vest. Depending on performance, the vesting can reach a maximum of 150% of the budgeted amount. If one or both of those KPIs do not achieve the defined threshold of
80%, no RSUs vest and RSUs granted for that year will be forfeited. For the year 2012, the RSUs granted at the beginning of the year vested with 133.55% achievement of such KPIs. Under the EPP 2015, the RSUs are paid out in the first quarter of the year after the one-year performance period, whereas the RSUs for members of the Executive Board/Global Managing Board under the LTI Plan 2015 are subject to a three-year-holding period before payout, which occurs starting in 2016. The plans include a “look-back” provision, due to the fact that these plans are based on reaching certain KPI levels in 2015. If the overall achievement in 2015 is higher or lower than
represented by the number of RSUs vested from 2012 to 2014, the number of RSUs granted in 2015 can increase or decrease accordingly. However, RSUs that were already fully vested in prior years cannot be forfeited. For the EPP, the application of the
“look-back”-provision is subject to approval by the Executive Board in 2015. The final financial effect of each tranche of the EPP
2015 and the LTI Plan 2015 will depend on the number of vested RSUs and the SAP share price, which is set directly after the announcement of the preliminary fourth quarter and full-year results for the last financial year under the EPP 2015 (of the
respective three-year holding period under the LTI Plan 2015), and thus may be significantly above or below the budgeted amounts. a.2) SAP Stock Option Plan 2007 (SOP 2007 (2008 Tranche)) Under the SAP Stock Option Plan 2007, in 2008 we granted top executives and top performers cash-based virtual stock options, the value of which was dependent on the multi-year performance of the SAP
share. The virtual stock options granted under the SOP give the employees the right to receive a certain amount of money by exercising the
options under the terms and conditions of this plan. After a vesting period of two years, the plan provides for 11 predetermined exercise dates every calendar year (one date per month except in April) until the rights lapse five years after the
grant date. The exercise price is 110% of the grant base value, which is derived from the average fair market value of one ordinary share
over the 20 business days following the announcement date of the Company’s preliminary results for the preceding fiscal year. The awards granted in 2008 have a grant-base value of €32.69. Monetary benefits under the SOP are capped at 100% of the exercise price (€35.96 for options granted in 2008). F-72 Table of Contents a.3) SOP Performance Plan 2009 (SOP PP) Under the SOP Performance Plan 2009, we granted to top executives and top performers cash-based virtual stock options, the value of which depends on the
multi-year performance of the SAP share relative to an industry-specific share price index, the TechPGI. The future payout at the exercise
date will be based on the outperformance of the SAP share price over the TechPGI. Exercise is only possible if the SAP share price has outperformed the TechPGI. For that purpose, the SOP PP 2009 agreement defines the initial value of the TechPGI
(€97.54) as well as the SAP initial exercise price (€28.00 per share). After a vesting period of two years, the plan provides for 12 predetermined exercise dates every calendar year (one date per month) until the rights lapse five
years after the grant date. Monetary benefits are capped at 110% of the grant price (€30.80). The dynamic exercise price at valuation
date is €55.93. a.4) SAP Stock Option Plan 2010 (SOP 2010 (2010 – 2012 Tranches)) Under the SAP Stock Option Plan 2010, in 2010, 2011, and 2012 we granted members of the Senior Leadership Team, SAP’s Top Rewards (employees with an exceptional rating) and in 2010 and 2011 members
of the Executive Board cash-based virtual stock options, the value of which depends on the multi-year performance of the SAP share. The
grant-base value is based on the average fair market value of one ordinary share over the five business days prior to the Executive Board resolution date. The virtual stock options granted under the SOP 2010 give the employees the right to receive a certain amount of money by exercising the options under the terms and conditions of this plan. After a
three-year vesting period (four years for members of the Executive Board), the plan provides for 11 predetermined exercise dates every calendar year (one date per month except in April) until the rights lapse six years after the grant date (seven
years for members of the Executive Board). Employees can only exercise their virtual stock options provided they are employed by SAP; if they leave the company, they forfeit them. Executive Board members’ options are non-forfeitable once granted – if the service agreement ends in the grant year, the
number of options is reduced pro rata temporis. Any options not exercised at the end of the respective term expire. The exercise price is
110% of the grant base value (115% for members of the Executive Board) which is €39.03 (€40.80) for the 2010 tranche, €46.23 (€48.33) for the 2011 tranche, and €49.28 for the 2012 tranche. Monetary benefits will be capped at 100% of the exercise price (150% for members of the Executive Board). a.5) SuccessFactors Cash-Settled Awards Replacing Pre-Acquisition SuccessFactors Awards (SFSF Rights) In conjunction with the acquisition of SuccessFactors in 2012, under the terms of the acquisition agreement, SAP exchanged unvested Restricted Stock
Awards (RSAs), Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), and Performance Stock Units (PSUs) held by employees of SuccessFactors for cash-settled share-based payment awards of SAP (SFSF Rights). RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs unvested at the closing of the acquisition were converted into the right to receive at the originally agreed vesting dates, an amount in cash equal to the number of RSAs and RSUs held
at the vesting date multiplied by US$40.00 per share. There were 4,533,713 unvested RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs at the acquisition date,
representing a fair value of €128 million after considering forfeitures dependent on grant dates and remaining vesting periods. Of the total fair value, €59 million was allocated to consideration transferred and
€68 million was allocated to future services to be provided and will be recognized as post-acquisition compensation expense as the awards vest over the remainder of the original vesting terms – the remaining vesting period for such
SuccessFactors Rights are in a range of up to four years from acquisition date. From February 21, 2012, to December 31, 2012, 1,821,943 SFSF Rights vested. The unrecognized expense related to SFSF Rights was €34 million as at
December 31, 2012, and will be recognized over a remaining vesting period of up to 3.0 years. F-73 Table of Contents a.6) Ariba Cash-Settled Awards Replacing Pre-Acquisition Ariba Awards (Ariba Rights) The terms of the acquisition agreement under which SAP acquired Ariba in 2012 required SAP to exchange unvested Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs) and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) held by employees of Ariba
for cash-settled share-based payment awards of SAP (Ariba Rights). RSAs and RSUs unvested at the closing of the acquisition were converted
into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the number of RSAs and RSUs held at the vesting date multiplied by US$45.00 per share in accordance with the respective vesting terms. There were 4,091,225 unvested RSAs and RSUs at the acquisition date, representing a fair value of €138 million after considering forfeitures dependent on grant dates and remaining vesting
periods. Of the total fair value, €86 million was allocated to consideration transferred and €52 million was allocated to future services to be provided and will be recognized as post-acquisition compensation expense as the
awards vest over the remainder of the vesting terms – the remaining vesting period for such Ariba Rights are in a range of up to 3.5 years at acquisition date (in accordance with the originally agreed vesting dates). From October 1, 2012,
to December 31, 2012, 1,586,747 Ariba Rights vested. The unrecognized expense related to Ariba Rights was €30 million as at December 31, 2012, and will be recognized over a remaining vesting period of up to 3.25 years. a.7) Business Objects Cash-Settled Awards Replacing Pre-Acquisition Business Objects Awards (BO Rights) Prior to being acquired by SAP, the employees of Business Objects companies were granted equity-settled awards giving rights to Business Objects shares.
Following the Business Objects acquisition in 2008, the Business Objects shares were no longer publicly traded and mechanisms were implemented to allow the employees to cash out their awards either by receiving cash instead of Business Objects
shares (cash payment mechanism or CPM) or by receiving Business Objects shares that they subsequently sell to SAP France (liquidity agreement mechanism or LAM). In substance, the implementation of CPM and LAM resulted in a conversion of the equity-settled awards to cash-settled share-based payment awards (replacing awards) that replaced the stock options and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) originally
granted (replaced awards). The replaced awards had vesting periods in the range of two to five years, and contractual terms in the range of
two to ten years. The replacing awards closely mirror the terms of the replaced awards (including conditions such as exercise price and
vesting) except that: • The replaced awards were planned to be settled by issuing equity instruments, whereas the replacing awards are settled in cash either through the CPM
or through the LAM. • The replaced awards were indexed to Business Objects’ share price whereas the replacing awards are indexed to SAP’s share price as follows:
SAP’s offering price for Business Objects shares during the tender offer (€42) is divided by SAP AG’s share price at the tender offer closing date (€32.28), and the result is multiplied by the weighted average closing price
of the SAP share during the 20 trading days preceding the exercise or disposition date. The benefit resulting from the
stock option exercise or the RSUs vesting is either paid directly to the employees (in countries where the CPM applies) or the employees continue to receive shares of Business Objects on stock options exercise or RSUs vesting (in countries where the
LAM applies). In these cases, the employees have a put option to resell the shares to SAP within three months from exercise, while SAP has a call option on these shares. In both cases, these awards are accounted for as a cash-settled award because the obligation to the employee is ultimately settled in cash, both under the CPM and the LAM mechanism. The weighted average
exercise price is €20.42. b) Equity-Settled Share-Based Payments Equity-settled plans include primarily the Share Matching Plan (SMP). Under the Share Matching
Plan (SMP) implemented in 2010, SAP offers its employees the opportunity to purchase SAP AG shares at a discount of 40%. The number of SAP shares an F-74 Table of Contents eligible employee may purchase through the SMP is limited to a percentage of the employee’s annual base salary. After a three-year holding period, such plan participants will receive one (in
2012: five) free matching share of SAP for every three SAP shares acquired. The terms for the members of the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) are
slightly different than those for the employees. Members of the SLT do not receive a discount when purchasing the shares. However, after a three-year holding period, members of the SLT receive two (in 2012: five) free
matching shares of SAP stock for every three SAP shares acquired. This plan is not open to members of the SAP Executive Board. The following table shows the
parameters and assumptions used at grant date to determine the fair value of free-matching shares, as well as the quantity of shares purchased and free-matching shares granted through this program in 2012, 2011, and 2010: Fair Value and Parameters at Grant Date for SMP 2012 2011 2010 Grant date 6/6/2012 6/8/2011 9/8/2010 Share price at grant date €45.43 €41.73 €35.45 Purchase price set by the Executive Board €48.23 €44.07 €35.12 Risk-free interest rate 0.12% 1.95% 0.82% Expected dividend yield of SAP shares 2.13% 1.70% 1.65% Expected life of free-matching shares in years 3.0 3.0 3.0 Free-matching share fair value at grant date €42.54 €39.69 €33.71 Number of shares purchased in thousands 1,926 1,334 1,591 Free-matching shares granted in thousands 3,210 481 571 The following table shows the breakdown of the expense recognized for this program in 2012, 2011, and 2010 and the
unrecognized expense at year end in € millions: Recognized and Unrecognized Expense at Year End for SMP € millions, unless otherwise stated 2012 2011 2010 Expense recognized relating to discount 34 22 24 Expense recognized relating to vesting of free-matching shares 34 9 2 Total expense relating to SMP 68 31 26 Unrecognized expense as at December 31 107 22 15 Average remaining vesting period in years as at December 31 2.2 2.2 2.7 (28) Segment and Geographic Information General Information Following SAP’s
increased focus on the cloud business, in the 3rd quarter of 2012 we changed both the structure of the components that SAP management uses to make decisions about operating matters, and the main profit measure used for the purposes of allocating
resources to these components and measuring their performance. The segment information for earlier periods has been restated to conform with these changes. As part of this realignment, the previous Consulting
and Training segments have been aggregated into the On-Premise Services segment. Certain activities of the previous Consulting and Training segments were shifted to the On-Premise Product segment. Discrete financial information for the previous
Consulting and Training segments is no longer used by SAP management. F-75 Table of Contents At the beginning of the first quarter of 2012, we had already integrated the activities of the former
Sybase segment into the segments existing at that time (Product, Consulting, Training). The decision to discontinue Sybase as an independent organization and the subsequent integration was driven by our decision to support our planned growth in the
area of mobility and database & technology. Subsequent to the integration, discrete financial information for the previous Sybase segment is no longer used by SAP management. Our internal reporting system produces reports in which business activities are presented in a variety of ways, for example, by line of business, geography, and areas of responsibility of the individual
Board members. Based on these reports, the Executive Board, which is responsible for assessing the performance of various company components and making resource allocation decisions as our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), evaluates business
activities in a number of different ways. The most important factors we use to identify operating segments are distinctions among our product
and service offerings, notably: • Between divisions, the software delivery model (software to be installed on the customer’s hardware (on-premise software), distinct from software
for delivery in the cloud) • Within the On-Premise division, the types of services offered • Within the Cloud division, the fields in which the cloud applications are used SAP has two divisions – On-Premise and Cloud, which are further divided into operating segments. Our On-Premise division is comprised of two operating segments: On-Premise Products and On-Premise Services. In the third quarter of 2012, our Cloud division was comprised of one operating segment: Cloud Applications. Following the
acquisition of Ariba, we established a second operating segment in the Cloud division, mainly consisting of the acquired Ariba business (Ariba). The operations of Crossgate, which we acquired in 2011, are also included in the operating segment
containing the acquired Ariba business. All operating segments are reportable segments. The On-Premise division derives its revenues
primarily from the sale of on-premise software (that is, software designed for use on hardware on the customer’s premises) and mobile software (that is, software designed for use on mobile devices) and services relating to such software. Within
the On-Premise division, the On-Premise Products segment is primarily engaged in marketing and licensing our on-premise and mobile software products and providing support services for these software products. The On-Premise Services segment
primarily performs various professional services, mainly implementation services of our software products and educational services on the use of our software products. The Cloud division derives its revenues primarily from the sale of cloud software (that is, software designed for delivery through the cloud) and services relating to such software (including support
services, professional services, educational services). Within the Cloud division, the Cloud Applications segment is primarily engaged in marketing and selling subscriptions to the cloud software offerings developed by SAP and SuccessFactors. The
Ariba segment primarily markets and sells the cloud software offerings developed by Ariba and derives revenue from its cloud-based collaborative business network. F-76 Table of Contents Information About Profit or Loss, Assets, and Liabilities Operating Segments Revenue and Profit or Loss On-Premise Division Cloud Division Total € millions On-Premise Products On-Premise Services Division Total Cloud Applications Ariba Division Total 2012 External revenue 12,881 2,967 15,848 336 120 456 16,304 Cost of revenue –1,990 –2,298 –4,289 –158 –75 –233 –4,523 Gross profit 10,891 669 11,559 178 45 223 11,782 Sales and marketing costs –3,410 0 –3,410 –231 –43 –275 –3,684 Operating segment profit/loss 7,481 669 8,150 – 53 2 – 51 8,098 2011 External revenue 11,325 2,901 14,226 29 4 33 14,260 Cost of revenue –1,762 –2,201 –3,963 –66 –9 –75 –4,038 Gross profit 9,564 700 10,264 –37 –5 –42 10,222 Sales and marketing costs –2,919 0 –2,919 –32 –2 –34 –2,954 Operating segment profit/loss 6,644 700 7,344 – 69 – 7 – 77 7,268 2010 External revenue 9,853 2,663 12,516 21 0 21 12,537 Cost of revenue –1,569 –2,041 –3,610 –60 –4 –64 –3,674 Gross profit 8,284 622 8,906 –39 –4 –43 8,863 Sales and marketing costs –2,520 0 –2,520 –29 –1 –30 –2,550 Operating segment profit/loss 5,764 622 6,386 – 68 – 5 – 73 6,313 Segment asset/liability information is not regularly provided to our CODM. Goodwill by operating segment is
disclosed in Note (15). Measurement and Presentation Our management reporting system reports our intersegment services as cost reductions and does not track them as internal revenue. Intersegment services mainly represent utilization of human resources of
one segment by another segment on a project-by-project basis. Intersegment services are charged based on internal cost rates including certain indirect overhead costs, excluding a profit margin. Most of our depreciation and amortization expense affecting operating segment profits is allocated to the segments as part of broader infrastructure
allocations and is thus not tracked separately on the operating segment level. Depreciation and amortization expense that is directly allocated to the operating segments is immaterial in all operating segments presented. The accounting policies applied in the measurements of the operating segments’ revenues and profits
differ from IFRS accounting principles described in Note (3) as follows: • The measurements of the operating segments revenues and profits generally attributes revenue to the segment based on the nature of the business
regardless of revenue classification in our income statement. Thus, for example, the Cloud Applications segment’s revenue may include certain amounts classified as software revenue in our Consolidated Income Statements. • The measurements of the operating segments’ revenues and profits includes the recurring revenue that would have been reflected by acquired
entities had it remained a stand-alone entity but which are not reflected as revenue under IFRS as a result of purchase accounting for customer contracts in effect at the time of an acquisition. F-77 Table of Contents • The measurements of the operating segments’ profits excludes share-based payment expense, and restructuring costs as well as research and
development expense and general and administration expense at segment level. These expenses are managed and reviewed at the Group level only. • The measurements of the operating segments’ profits exclude the following acquisition-related charges: • Amortization expense/impairment charges of intangibles acquired in business combinations and certain stand-alone acquisitions of intellectual property • Expenses from purchased in-process research and development • Restructuring expenses and settlements of pre-existing relationships • Acquisition-related third-party costs that are required to be expensed • The measurements of the operating segments’ profits excludes results of the discontinued operations that qualify as such under IFRS in all
respects except if they do not represent a major line of business. For all periods presented this relates exclusively to the operations of TomorrowNow. Cost of revenue for our On-Premise Services segment also includes sales and marketing expenses related to professional services and other services that result from sales and marketing efforts that cannot
be clearly separated from providing the services and as such, no sales and marketing expenses have been allocated to this segment. Reconciliation of Revenues and
Segment Results € millions 2012 2011 2010 Total revenues for operating segments 16,304 14,260 12,537 Adjustment recurring revenues –81 –27 –74 Total revenue 16,223 14,233 12,464 Total profit for operating segments 8,098 7,268 6,313 Adjustment recurring revenues –81 –27 –74 Research and development expense –2,125 –1,898 –1,706 General and administration expense –783 –685 –610 Other operating income/expense, net 23 25 9 Restructuring –8 –4 3 Share-based payments –522 –68 –58 TomorrowNow litigation / Loss from discontinued operations 0 717 –981 Acquisition-related charges –537 –448 –305 Operating profit 4,065 4,881 2,591 Other non-operating income/expense, net –173 –75 –186 Finance income, net –68 –38 –67 Profit before tax 3,824 4,768 2,338 The research and development expense as well as the general and administration expense presented in the
reconciliation differs from the corresponding expense in the consolidated income statement because the portions of share-based payments-related expenses, restructuring expenses, and acquisition-related expenses that are included in the research and
development line item respectively the general and administration expense line item in the income statement, are presented as separate items in the reconciliation. Geographic Information The tables below show the breakdown of software revenue by location of contract negotiation and by customer location. The presentation by location of contract negotiation reflects the fact that in some
cases, software contracts are negotiated and the customer’s buying decision is made in one country but an affiliated legal entity of the same customer in another country serves as the contracting party. F-78 Table of Contents A revenue-by-region reporting based on the customer location attributes the revenue to the home country of the contracting legal entity. SAP believes that the location of the contract negotiation
provides more useful insight into where the revenue was earned. Therefore, since the second quarter of 2012, we have reported software revenue both by customer location and by location of negotiation. Between these two views, the attribution of software revenues to the different geographies only differs for transactions where, based on objective evidence, all contract negotiations were performed in a country
other than the domicile of the legal entity contracting on the customer’s behalf. Under both views, the software revenue from a given contract is always attributed to one geography, that is, revenues are not split between geographies. Revenue by Region Software Revenue by Places Where Contracts Were Negotiated € millions 2012 2011 2010 EMEA 2,005 1,852 1,555 Americas 1,774 1,534 1,305 APJ 879 722 549 SAP Group 4,658 4,107 3,410 Software Revenue by Location of Customers € millions 2012 2011 2010 EMEA 2,041 1,851 1,555 Americas 1,733 1,534 1,300 APJ 884 722 554 SAP Group 4,658 4,107 3,410 Software and Cloud Subscription Revenue by Location of Customers € millions 2012 2011 2010 EMEA 2,107 1,864 1,565 Americas 1,920 1,540 1,304 APJ 901 722 555 SAP Group 4,928 4,125 3,424 Software and Software-Related Service Revenue by Location of Customers € millions 2012 2011 2010 Germany 1,821 1,726 1,564 Rest of EMEA 4,285 3,803 3,319 Total EMEA 6,106 5,529 4,883 United States 3,537 2,870 2,497 Rest of Americas 1,283 1,088 930 Total Americas 4,820 3,958 3,427 Japan 699 579 448 Rest of APJ 1,540 1,253 1,036 APJ 2,239 1,832 1,484 SAP Group 13,165 11,319 9,794 F-79 Table of Contents Total Revenue by Location of Customers € millions 2012 2011 2010 Germany 2,380 2,347 2,195 Rest of EMEA 5,106 4,644 4,068 EMEA 7,486 6,991 6,263 United States 4,461 3,699 3,243 Rest of Americas 1,639 1,392 1,192 Americas 6,100 5,091 4,435 Japan 789 652 513 Rest of APJ 1,848 1,499 1,253 APJ 2,637 2,151 1,766 SAP Group 16,223 14,233 12,464 Non-Current Assets € millions 2012 2011 Germany 2,318 2,162 Rest of EMEA 5,371 5,537 EMEA 7,689 7,699 United States 10,476 4,513 Rest of Americas 97 96 Americas 10,574 4,609 Japan 22 12 Rest of APJ 216 196 APJ 238 208 SAP Group 18,500 12,516 Non-current assets as presented in the above table follow the requirements of IFRS 8 which requires a
geographical breakdown of non-current assets excluding financial instruments, deferred tax assets, post-employment benefits and rights arising under insurance contracts. For information about the breakdown of our full-time equivalent employee numbers by region, see
Note (7). F-80 Table of Contents (29) Board of Directors Executive Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than subsidiaries of SAP on
December 31, 2012 Bill McDermott Co-Chief
Executive Officer Strategy and Business Development, Corporate Development, Marketing, Communications, Corporate Audit, Board Governance,
Sustainability, Solutions, Global Sales and Global Partner and Channel Management Board of Directors, ANSYS, Inc., Canonsburg, Philadelphia, United States Board of Directors, Under Armour, Inc., Baltimore, Maryland, United States Jim Hagemann Snabe Co-Chief Executive Officer Strategy and Business
Development, Corporate Development, Marketing, Communications, Corporate Audit, Board Governance, Sustainability, Solutions, Global R&D
Portfolio, Processes and IT Board of Directors, Thrane & Thrane A/S, Lyngby, Denmark (until June 29, 2012) Board of Directors, Bang & Olufsen a/s, Stuer, Denmark Dr. Werner Brandt Chief Financial Officer Finance and
Administration including Investor Relations and Data Protection & Privacy Supervisory Board, Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany Supervisory Board, QIAGEN N.V., Venlo, the Netherlands Lars Dalgaard (from April 12, 2012) Cloud Business including Strategy, Product Development, and Go-To-Market related Capabilities Luisa Deplazes Delgado (from September 1, 2012) Human Resources, Labor Relations Director Supervisory Board, INGKA Holding B.V. (also called the IKEA Group), Leiden, the Netherlands Board of Directors of SAFILO Group S.p.A., Padua, Italy Gerhard Oswald Application Development and Support Dr. Vishal Sikka Technology and Innovation Products Development for Technology and Platform Products, SAP Research, SAP Labs Network and SAP Ventures. SAP Chief
Technology Officer for the overall technology, architecture and product standards across the entire SAP product portfolio F-81 Table of Contents Supervisory Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than subsidiaries of SAP on
December 31, 2012 Prof. Dr. h. c. mult. Hasso Plattner 2), 4), 5), 7),
8) Chairman Board of Directors, Bramasol, Inc., San Francisco, California, USA (from August 1, 2012) Supervisory Board, Oligo Lichttechnik GmbH, Hennef, Germany (from November 5, 2012) Christiane Kuntz-Mayr 1), 4), 5) Deputy Chairperson Deputy Chairperson of the
Works Council at SAP AG Pekka Ala-Pietilä 5), 7), 8) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Solidium Oy, Helsinki, Finland Board of Directors, Pöyry Plc, Vantaa, Finland Chairman of the Board of Directors, CVON Group Limited, London, UK Board of Directors, CVON
Limited, London, UK Board of Directors, CVON Innovations Limited, London, UK (until August 1, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk Ltd., London, UK (until August 1, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk Services Oy, Helsinki, Finland (until May 20, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, CVON Innovation Services Oy, Turku, Finland Board of Directors, CVON Future Limited, London, UK Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk (NL)
Ltd., London, UK (until August 1, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk (DE) Ltd., London, UK (until July 3,
2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk (ES) Ltd., London, UK(until August 1, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk (BE) Ltd., London, UK (until August 1, 2012) Board of Directors, Blyk.nl NV, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (until May 23, 2012) Chairman of
the Board of Directors, Blyk.be SA, Hoeilaart, Belgium (until May 23, 2012) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Blyk International Ltd.,
London, UK Board of Directors, Huhtamäki Oyj, Espoo, Finland (from April 24, 2012) Thomas Bamberger (until May 23, 2012) Chief Audit Executive Panagiotis Bissiritsas 1), 2), 6) Support Expert Prof. Anja Feldmann (from May 23,
2012) 5) Professor at the Electrical Engineering and Computer
Science Faculty at the Technische Universität Berlin Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Haarmann 2), 6), 8) Attorney-at-law, certified public auditor, certified tax advisor Senior Partner HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft, Rechtsanwälte, Steuerberater, Wirtschaftsprüfer, Frankfurt am Main, Germany Chairman of the Supervisory Board, CinemaxX AG, Hamburg, Germany (from August 30, 2012) Chairman of the Supervisory Board, vwd Vereinigte Wirtschaftsdienste AG, Frankfurt a. M., Germany (from August 22, 2012 until December 15,
2012) Margret Klein-Magar (from May 23, 2012) 1), 2),
8) Vice President SAP Transformation F-82 Table of Contents Supervisory Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than subsidiaries of SAP on
December 31, 2012 Peter Koop (until May 23, 2012) Industry Business Development Expert Lars Lamadé 1), 2), 8) Project Manager OPD COO Bernard Liautaud 2), 5), 7) General Partner Balderton Capital, London, UK Board of Directors, Clinical Solutions Holdings Ltd., Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK (until May 22, 2012) Board of Directors, nlyte Software Ltd., London, UK Board of Directors, Talend SA, Suresnes, France Board of Directors, Cap Gemini, Paris,
France Board of Directors, Quickbridge (UK) Ltd., London, UK Board of Directors, SCYTL Secure Electronic Voting SA, Barcelona, Spain Board of Directors, Abiquo
Group Inc., Redwood City, California, United States Board of Directors, Vestiaire Collective SA, Levallois-Perret, France Board of Directors, Dashlane, Inc., New York, New York, United States Board of Directors, Recorded Future, Inc., Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States (from January 30, 2012) Board of Directors, eWise Group, Inc., Redwood City, California, United States (from August 30, 2012) Board of Directors, Qubit Digital Ltd., London, UK (from November 26, 2012) Dr. Gerhard Maier (until May 23, 2012) Development Project Manager Dr. h. c. Hartmut Mehdorn 4), 6) Independent Management Consultant Board of Directors, Air Berlin PLC & Co. Luftverkehrs KG, Berlin Advisory Board, Fiege-Gruppe, Greven, Germany Board of Directors, RZD – Russian Railways,
Moscow, Russia Dr. Hans-Bernd Meier (until May 23, 2012) Independent Consultant for SAP Projects Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr. h. c. Dr.-Ing. E. h. Joachim Milberg (until May 23, 2012) Chairman of the Supervisory Board, BMW AG, Munich, Germany Supervisory Board, Bertelsmann AG, Gütersloh, Germany Supervisory Board, Festo AG, Esslingen, Germany Supervisory Board, Festo AG & Co. KG,
Esslingen, Germany Board of Directors, Deere & Company, Moline, Illinois, United States Dr. Kurt Reiner (from May 23, 2012) 1), 5),
6) Development Expert Mario Rosa-Bian (from May 23, 2012) 1), 4),
5) Project Principal Consultant Dr. Erhard Schipporeit 3), 8) Independent Management Consultant Supervisory Board, Talanx AG, Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board, Deutsche Börse AG, Frankfurt am Main, Germany Supervisory Board, HDI
V.a.G., Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board, Hannover Rückversicherung AG, Hanover, Germany Supervisory Board, Fuchs Petrolub AG, Mannheim, Germany Supervisory Board, BDO AG, Hamburg, Germany Board of Directors, TUI Travel PLC, London,
UK Board of Directors, Fidelity Funds SICAV, Luxembourg F-83 Table of Contents Supervisory Board Memberships on supervisory boards and other comparable governing bodies of enterprises, other than subsidiaries of SAP on
December 31, 2012 Stefan Schulz 1), 3), 5) Development Project Manager Inga Wiele (from May 23, 2012) 1), 3),
5) Senior Internal Strategic Consultant Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr.-Ing. E. h. Klaus Wucherer 3),
5) Managing Director of Dr. Klaus Wucherer Innovations- und Technologieberatung GmbH, Erlangen, Germany Supervisory Board, Heitech AG, Erlangen, Germany Supervisory Board, Dürr AG, Bietigheim-Bissingen, Germany Supervisory Board, LEONI AG,
Nuremberg, Germany Supervisory Board, Festo AG & Co. KG, Esslingen, Germany (from April 19, 2012) Information as at December 31, 2012 1) Elected by the employees 2) Member of the Company’s General and Compensation Committee 3) Member of the Company’s Audit Committee 4) Member of the Company’s Mediation Committee 5) Member of the Company’s Technology and Strategy Committee 6) Member of the Company’s Finance and Investment Committee 7) Member of the Company’s Nomination Committee 8) Member of the Company’s Special Committee The total compensation of the Executive Board members for the years 2012, 2011, and 2010 was as follows: Executive Board Compensation € thousands 2012 2011 2010 Short-term employee benefits 17,204 20,176 13,254 Share-based payment 1) 14,855 4,016 3,920 Subtotal 1) 32,059 24,191 17,174 Post-employment benefits 3,263 1,547 1,999 thereof defined-benefit 1,711 696 797 thereof defined-contribution 1,552 850 1,202 Termination benefits 0 4,125 10,948 Other long-term benefits 0 4,031 3,407 Total 1) 35,322 33,894 33,527 1) Portion of total executive compensation allocated to the respective year The share-based payment amounts disclosed above are based on the grant date fair value of the restricted
share units (RSUs) issued to Executive Board members during the year. In addition to the LTI grant for 2012, the Executive Board members
already received, in 2012, the LTI grants for the years 2013 to 2015 subject to continuous service as member of the Executive Board in the respective years. Although these grants are linked to and thus, economically, compensation for the Executive
Board members in the respective years, section 314 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) requires them to be included in the total compensation number for the year of grant. Vesting of the LTI grants is dependent
on the respective Executive Board member’s continuous service for the company. Since the contracts of Werner Brandt and Gerhard Oswald currently expire mid 2014 and the contracts for Lars Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado expire mid 2015, the
LTI grants for the years 2014 – 2015 (for Werner Brandt und Gerhard Oswald) respectively 2015 (for Lars F-84 Table of Contents Dalgaard and Luisa Deplazes Delgado) had not yet been allocated with legally binding force in 2012. The share-based payment amounts in the table above only disclose the LTI grants for the year 2012. Including the entire grants to the Executive Board for future years calculated as required under section 314 of the German Commercial Code (HGB), the share-based payment amounts to €55,085 thousands. Including this amount, the subtotal Executive Board compensation amounts to
€72,289 thousands and the total Executive Board compensation amounts to €75,552 thousands. Share-Based Payment for Executive
Board Members 2012 2011 2010 Number of RSUs granted 326,432 0 0 Number of stock options granted 0 475,227 559,926 Total expense in € thousands 57,429 4,420 2,988 In the table above, the share-based payment expense is the amount recorded in profit or loss under IFRS 2 in the
respective period. The projected benefit obligation (PBO) for pensions to Executive Board members and the annual pension entitlement of the
members of the Executive Board on reaching age 60 based on entitlements from performance-based and salary-linked plans were as follows: Retirement Pension Plan for Executive Board Members € thousands 2012 2011 2010 PBO December 31 8,889 7,291 7,327 Annual pension entitlement 429 437 466 Subject to the adoption of the dividend resolution by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on
June 4, 2013, the total annual compensation of the Supervisory Board members for 2012 is as follows: Supervisory Board Compensation € thousands 2012 2011 2010 Total compensation 2,981 3,028 2,875 thereof fixed compensation 901 874 870 thereof committee remuneration 340 465 325 thereof variable compensation 1,741 1,688 1,680 The Supervisory Board members do not receive any share-based payment for their services. As far as members
who are employee representatives on the Supervisory Board receive share-based payment such compensation is for their services as employees only and is unrelated to their status as members of the Supervisory Board. The total compensation of all Supervisory Board members in 2012 for work for SAP excluding compensation
relating to the office of Supervisory Board member was €1,084 thousands (2011: €1,688 thousands; 2010: €1,028 thousands). During the fiscal year 2012, payments
to former Executive Board members were as follows: Payments to / PBO for Former Executive Board Members € thousands 2012 2011 2010 Pension benefits 1,360 1,346 1,290 PBO 30,551 25,267 24,878 F-85 Table of Contents SAP did not grant any compensation advance or credit to, or enter into any commitment for the benefit of, any member of the Executive Board or Supervisory Board in 2012, 2011, or 2010. On December 31, 2012, the
shareholdings of SAP’s board members were as follows: Shareholdings of Executive and Supervisory Board Members Number of SAP shares 2012 2011 2010 Executive Board 35,271 20,569 13,747 Supervisory Board 121,363,858 121,524,139 122,156,130 (30) Related Party Transactions Certain Executive Board and Supervisory Board members of SAP AG currently hold, or held within the last year, positions of significant
responsibility with other entities, as presented in Note (29). We have relationships with certain of these entities in the ordinary course of business, whereby we buy and sell a wide variety of products and services at prices believed to be
consistent with those negotiated at arm’s length between unrelated parties. After his move from SAP’s Executive Board to SAP’s
Supervisory Board in May 2003, Hasso Plattner entered into a contract with SAP AG under which he provides consulting services for SAP. The contract provides for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses only, which were immaterial to SAP in all
periods presented. Hasso Plattner is the sole proprietor of H.P. Beteiligungs GmbH, which itself holds 90% of Bramasol, Inc., San Francisco,
California, United States. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Bramasol, Inc. Bramasol is an SAP partner with which we generated revenue which was immaterial to SAP in all periods presented. The amounts charged to SAP for the services
of Bramasol were immaterial to SAP in all periods presented. Hasso Plattner holds a 80% share in Hasso Plattner Ventures GmbH & Co.
KG which itself held 25.65% of Datango AG at the time when SAP acquired the business activities of Datango AG through an asset deal in 2012. The purchase price agreed was €46 million, €37 million thereof were paid in 2012 and the
remaining €9 million will be paid in 2013. In 2011, SAP purchased land from Campus am Jungfernsee GmbH & Co. KG, a company
that is wholly owned by Hasso Plattner. The purchase price agreed is €2.6 million to be paid in 2012. SAP supports the
family & kids @ work gemeinnützige UG organization (“family & kids @ work”). Family & kids @ work looks after children whose parents work for SAP and other employers in Germany. Christiane Kuntz-Mayr, who is
the vice chairperson of the SAP Supervisory Board, is engaged by family & kids @ work as a manager. In 2012, SAP supported family & kids @ work with a total of €0.6 million in the form of a donation, an annual fee, and a
payment made to secure that a defined number of spots in the daycare center are reserved for children of SAP employees (2011: €2.3 million). Wilhelm Haarmann practices as a partner of the law firm HAARMANN Partnerschaftsgesellschaft in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The amounts charged to SAP for the services of HAARMANN
Partnerschaftsgesellschaft were immaterial to SAP in all periods presented. Please refer to Note (29) for disclosures of the
compensation of our Executive Board and Supervisory Board members. F-86 Table of Contents (31) Principal Accountant Fees and Services At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 23, 2012, our shareholders elected KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft as SAP’s independent auditor for 2012. KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft and other firms in the global KPMG network charged the following fees to SAP for audit and other professional services
related to 2012 and the previous years: Fees for Audit and Other Professional Services 2012 2011 2010 € millions KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Companies Total KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Companies Total KPMG AG (Germany) Foreign KPMG Companies Total Audit fees 2 8 10 2 7 9 2 8 10 Audit-related fees 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 Tax fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 All other fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total 4 8 12 2 7 9 2 8 10 Audit fees are the aggregate fees charged by KPMG for the audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements as
well as audits of statutory financial statements of SAP AG and its subsidiaries. Audit-related fees are fees charged by KPMG for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under audit fees. Tax fees are fees for professional services rendered by KPMG for tax advice on transfer pricing, restructuring, and tax compliance on current, past, or contemplated
transactions. The all other fees category includes other support services, such as training and advisory services on issues unrelated to accounting and taxes. (32) Subsequent Events No events have occurred after December 31, 2012 which have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated financial
statements. F-87 Table of Contents (33) Subsidiaries, Associates, and Other Equity Investments As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) I. Fully Consolidated Subsidiaries GERMANY Ariba Deutschland GmbH, Frankfurt 3) 100.0 769 15 1,099 13 OutlookSoft Deutschland GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 — –1 –1 — Plateau Systems GmbH, Garching 3) 100.0 — — –177 — SAP Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 3 1 50 — SAP Business Compliance Services GmbH, Siegen 100.0 4,164 –144 698 39 SAP Deutschland AG & Co. KG, Walldorf 8),9) 100.0 2,934,138 551,439 1,317,337 4,990 SAP Dritte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Walldorf 5),8) 100.0 — 8,668 561,821 — SAP Erste Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Walldorf 5),8) 100.0 — 303 804,847 — SAP Foreign Holdings GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 –168 120 58 — SAP Fünfte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltung GmbH,
Walldorf 8) 100.0 — 150,799 2,423,451 — SAP Hosting Beteiligungs GmbH, St. Leon-Rot 100.0 — 0 26 — SAP Portals Europe GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 — 84 124,199 — SAP Portals Holding Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 — –311 930,126 — SAP Projektverwaltungs- und Beteiligungs GmbH, Walldorf 5),8) 100.0 — 922 324,824 — SAP Puerto Rico GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 33,029 –1,936 –4,086 30 SAP Retail Solutions Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH, Walldorf 100.0 — –617 12,954 — SAP Sechste Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, Walldorf 8) 100.0 — 0 25 — SAP Ventures Investment GmbH, Walldorf 3) 100.0 — –2 7,601 — SAP Vierte Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Walldorf 100.0 — 0 25 — SAP Zweite Beteiligungs- und Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Walldorf 5),8) 100.0 — –193,356 –28,320 — SuccessFactors Germany GmbH, Garching 3) 100.0 13,756 211 506 59 TechniData GmbH, Markdorf 100.0 246 –529 29,404 — F-88 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) REST OF EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AFRICA Ambin Properties (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 — 314 1,408 — Ariba Belgium N.V., Heverlee, Belgium 3) 100.0 399 17 1,338 8 Ariba Czech s.r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 3) 100.0 1,694 76 1,601 130 Ariba France, S.A.S., Paris, France 3) 100.0 2,728 99 2,489 54 Ariba Iberia, S.L., Madrid, Spain 3) 100.0 488 20 641 14 Ariba International Sweden AB, Stockholm, Sweden 3) 100.0 620 30 264 10 Ariba Italia Srl, Rome, Italy 3) 100.0 327 12 –739 9 Ariba Middle East & North Africa FZ-LLC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates 3) 100.0 78 4 25 2 Ariba Slovak Republic s.r.o., Kosice, Slovakia 3) 100.0 443 19 334 35 Ariba Switzerland GmbH, Zurich, Switzerland 3) 100.0 252 12 1,028 5 Ariba Technologies Ireland Ltd., Dublin, Ireland 3) 100.0 229 10 –97 11 Ariba Technologies Netherlands B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 347 35 6,159 7 Ariba UK Limited, Egham, United Kingdom 3) 100.0 3,387 468 5,057 58 Armstrong Laing Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 — — 3,137 — b-process, Paris, France 3) 100.0 3,456 –408 –3,352 57 Business Objects (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 10) 100.0 — –481 31,945 — Business Objects Holding B.V., s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 — 16 4,224 — Business Objects Software Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 897,670 381,071 4,425,059 239 Cartesis UK Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 — –3 0 — Christie Partners Holding CV, Rotterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 — –2 –21,826 — Crossgate Italia S.p.A., Milan, Italy 100.0 778 –1,113 575 — Crossgate UK Ltd., Slough, United Kingdom 10) 100.0 448 –1,158 — — Crystal Decisions (Ireland) Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 — 16 44,543 — Crystal Decisions Holding Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 — 21 77,729 — Crystal Decisions UK Limited, London, United Kingdom 10) 100.0 — — 2,254 — Edgewing Limited, London, United Kingdom 100.0 — 7 41 — Epista Software A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark 3) 100.0 2,718 1,238 4,977 10 F-89 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) EssCubed Procurement Pty. Ltd., Johannesburg, South Africa 3 ) 100.0 8 0 –1,003 — Joe D Partners CV, Utrecht, the Netherlands 100.0 82,412 –27,686 526,853 — Limited Liability Company “SAP Labs”, Moscow, Russia 3) 100.0 393 12 1,004 5 Limited Liability Company SAP CIS, Moscow, Russia 100.0 402,792 16,259 105,133 749 Limited Liability Company SAP Kazakhstan, Almaty, Kazakhstan 100.0 27,735 –344 5,191 20 Limited Liability Company SAP Ukraine, Kiev, Ukraine 100.0 28,327 –290 –2,781 90 Merlin Systems Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 10,873 479 3,062 31 NL Quotaholder 1 B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 — — — — NL Quotaholder 2 B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 — — — — Plateau Systems UK Ltd., Guildford, United Kingdom 3) 100.0 — — –7,310 — Quadrem Africa Pty. Ltd., Johannesburg, South Africa 3) 100.0 228 286 –355 93 Quadrem Europe S.A.S., Paris, France 3) 100.0 –214 10 528 — Quadrem Netherlands B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 8,354 –6,445 45,700 4 Quadrem Overseas Cooperatief U.A., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 — — — — S.A.P. Nederland B.V., s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 393,320 34,044 413,867 413 SAP – NOVABASE, A.C.E., Porto Salvo, Portugal 66.7 — — — — SAP (Schweiz) AG, Biel, Switzerland 100.0 606,328 86,113 188,968 617 SAP (UK) Limited, Feltham, United Kingdom 100.0 757,380 43,453 21,525 1,310 SAP Belgium NV/SA, Brussels, Belgium 100.0 208,428 10,241 119,918 254 SAP BULGARIA EOOD, Sofia, Bulgaria 100.0 3,129 225 879 4 SAP Business Services Center Europe, s.r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 26,387 293 7,574 341 SAP Business Services Center Nederland B.V., Utrecht, the Netherlands 100.0 265,062 6,383 39,984 45 SAP Commercial Services Ltd., Valletta, Malta 100.0 — –5 –17 — SAP ČR, spol. s r.o., Prague, Czech Republic 100.0 77,037 4,106 19,041 253 SAP CYPRUS Ltd, Nicosia, Cyprus 100.0 2,798 –125 –2,084 2 SAP d.o.o., Zagreb, Croatia 100.0 6,793 99 –775 13 SAP Danmark A/S, Copenhagen, Denmark 100.0 164,990 17,589 29,089 162 SAP Egypt LLC, Cairo, Egypt 100.0 7,681 –4,223 –8,295 69 SAP EMEA Inside Sales S.L., Barcelona, Spain 100.0 18,380 582 2,794 126 F-90 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) SAP España – Sistemas, Aplicaciones y Productos en la Informática, S.A., Madrid, Spain 100.0 230,048 12,708 213,354 375 SAP Estonia OÜ, Tallinn, Estonia 100.0 2,999 182 356 1 SAP Finland Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 108,551 12,316 57,436 110 SAP France Holding, Paris, France 100.0 1,571 139,075 5,037,099 4 SAP France, Paris, France 100.0 794,711 147,017 1,550,177 1,387 SAP HELLAS S.A. – SYSTEMS, APPLICATIONS AND PRODUCTS IN DATA PROCESSING, Athens, Greece 100.0 26,097 682 9,900 52 SAP Hungary Rendszerek, Alkalmazások és Termékek az Adatfeldolgozásban Informatikai Kft., Budapest,
Hungary 100.0 48,635 894 17,800 415 SAP Ireland Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 3,893 1,060 237 — SAP Ireland US-Financial Services Ltd., Dublin, Ireland 100.0 248 320,731 4,391,939 3 SAP Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 34,578 2,251 1,613 60 SAP Italia Sistemi Applicazioni Prodotti in Data Processing S.p.A., Milan, Italy 100.0 336,707 17,133 281,354 547 SAP Labs Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia, Bulgaria 100.0 23,815 924 4,112 467 SAP Labs Finland Oy, Espoo, Finland 100.0 7,146 322 41,341 47 SAP LABS France S.A.S., Mougins, France 100.0 44,946 1,458 21,191 302 SAP Labs Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 49,147 1,494 14,916 356 SAP Latvia SIA, Riga, Latvia 100.0 2,615 258 –225 3 SAP Malta Investments Ltd., Valletta, Malta 100.0 — –5 –17 — SAP Middle East and North Africa L.L.C., Dubai, United Arab Emirates 4) 49.0 120,640 –26,718 –21,060 279 SAP Nederland Holding B.V., s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands 100.0 — 385 521,914 — SAP Norge AS, Lysaker, Norway 100.0 79,188 2,147 21,736 95 SAP Österreich GmbH, Vienna, Austria 100.0 180,027 16,858 25,398 343 SAP Polska Sp. z o.o., Warsaw, Poland 100.0 68,429 3,807 19,943 124 SAP Portals Israel Ltd., Ra’anana, Israel 100.0 61,740 17,598 53,204 226 SAP Portugal – Sistemas, Aplicações e Produtos Informáticos, Sociedade Unipessoal, Lda., Porto Salvo,
Portugal 100.0 57,247 –882 10,793 149 SAP Public Services Hungary Kft., Budapest, Hungary 100.0 2,358 319 776 5 SAP Romania SRL, Bucharest, Romania 100.0 22,664 2,622 10,035 172 SAP Saudi Arabia Software Services Limited, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 100.0 31,736 2,713 35,477 51 F-91 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) SAP Saudi Arabia Software Trading Limited, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 75.0 63,979 –2,713 –171 62 SAP Service and Support Centre (Ireland) Limited, Dublin, Ireland 100.0 71,454 1,925 31,375 804 SAP sistemi, aplikacije in produkti za obdelavo podatkov d.o.o., Ljubljana, Slovenia 100.0 15,691 373 7,711 24 SAP Slovensko s.r.o., Bratislava, Slovakia 100.0 36,904 2,005 22,815 175 SAP Svenska Aktiebolag, Stockholm, Sweden 100.0 146,473 7,926 8,877 148 SAP Training and Development Institute FZCO, Dubai, United Arab
Emirates 3) 100.0 395 –239 –213 18 SAP Türkiye Yazilim Üretim ve Ticaret A.S., Istanbul, Turkey 100.0 64,409 –17,206 –3,921 131 SAP UAB (Lithuania), Vilnius, Lithuania 100.0 1,808 –317 –165 3 SAPV (Mauritius), Ebene, Mauritius 7) 0 — –42 16,105 — SAP West Balkans d.o.o., Belgrade, Serbia 100.0 13,742 1,381 5,338 28 SuccessFactors (UK) Limited, London, United Kingdom 3) 100.0 17,498 340 645 89 SuccessFactors Denmark ApS, Copenhagen, Denmark 3) 100.0 2,931 55 109 5 SuccessFactors France S.A.S., Paris, France 3) 100.0 7,932 6 284 33 SuccessFactors Ireland Limited, Dublin, Ireland 3) 100.0 1,081 23 46 6 SuccessFactors Italy S.R.L, Milan, Italy 3) 100.0 903 –9 27 4 SuccessFactors Netherlands B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 3) 100.0 3,165 62 16,566 18 SuccessFactors Schweiz GmbH, Zurich, Switzerland 3) 100.0 1,747 –192 –137 5 Sybase (UK) Limited, Maidenhead, United Kingdom 100.0 40,596 1,333 21,640 — Sybase France S.a.r.l., Paris, France 100.0 115,639 1,469 2,819 109 Sybase Iberia S.L., Madrid, Spain 100.0 17,299 35 63,226 30 Sybase Luxembourg S.a.r.l, Luxembourg 100.0 125 39 14 — Sybase Nederland B.V., Utrecht, the Netherlands 100.0 13,032 213 –1,316 12 Sybase South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 6,951 667 –458 — Systems Applications Products Africa Region (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 45,884 4,005 18,293 27 Systems Applications Products Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 100.0 — 16,307 81,424 — F-92 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) Systems Applications Products Nigeria Limited, Abuja, Nigeria 100.0 17,641 1,267 3,994 40 Systems Applications Products South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Johannesburg, South Africa 89.5 240,675 6,180 11,791 475 Syclo International Limited, Leatherhead, United Kingdom 3) 100.0 195 –2,925 –6,152 19 The Infohrm Group Ltd., London, United Kingdom 3) 100.0 17 –504 –485 — TomorrowNow (UK) Limited, Feltham, United Kingdom 10) 100.0 — –7 15 — TomorrowNow Nederland B.V., Amsterdam, the Netherlands 100.0 — –17 –3,292 — AMERICAS 110405, Inc., Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, USA 100.0 — 0 15,835 — Alliente, Inc., Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA 3) 100.0 — — — — Ariba Canada, Inc., Mississauga, Canada 3) 100.0 1,188 47 1,222 15 Ariba Holdings, Inc., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 3) 100.0 — — — — Ariba, Inc., Sunnyvale, California, USA 3) 100.0 56,410 –29,402 3,335,740 1,180 Ariba International Holdings, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 3) 100.0 — — — — Ariba International, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 3) 100.0 1,656 61 –1,603 37 Ariba Investment Company, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 3) 100.0 — 1,746 218,354 — Business Objects Argentina S.R.L., Buenos Aires, Argentina 100.0 — 0 68 — Business Objects Option, LLC, Wilmington, Delaware, USA 100.0 –53 –9 64,484 — Congo Acquisition LLC, San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 251 220 214 — Extended Systems, Inc., Boise, Idaho, USA 100.0 — 10 17,227 — Financial Fusion, Inc., Concord, Massachusetts, USA 100.0 — — — — FreeMarkets International Holdings Inc. de Mexico, de S. de R.L. de C.V., Mexico City, Mexico 3) 100.0 — — –63 — FreeMarkets Ltda., São Paulo, Brazil 3) 100.0 22 –19 –156 — iAnywhere Solutions Canada Ltd., Waterloo, Canada 100.0 30,908 269 3,823 133 iAnywhere Solutions Inc., Dublin, California, USA 100.0 54,520 –43,550 137,171 65 INEA Corporation USA, Wilmington, Delaware, USA 100.0 — 11 337 — Inxight Federal Systems Group, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 100.0 — –28 69 — Jam Acquisition II LLC, San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 1 –15 –15 — F-93 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) Jobs2Web, Inc., Minnetonka, Minnesota, USA 3) 100.0 1,884 –304 –56 — Plateau Systems LLC, Arlington, Virginia, USA 3) 100.0 12,795 11,595 1,950 — Quadrem Brazil Ltda., Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 3) 100.0 6,604 1,332 3,698 157 Quadrem Canada Ltd., Mississauga, Canada 3) 100.0 323 5 525 11 Quadrem Chile Ltda., Santiago de Chile, Chile 3) 100.0 2,843 –374 2,429 185 Quadrem Colombia SAS, Bogota, Colombia 3) 100.0 159 9 0 4 Quadrem International Holdings, Ltd., Plano, USA 3) 100.0 — –11 –5,494 — Quadrem International Ltd., Hamilton, Bermuda 3) 100.0 — 656 76,453 — Quadrem Mexico S. de R. de C.V., Mexico City, Mexico 3) 100.0 150 4 9 3 Quadrem Peru S.A.C., Lima, Peru 3) 100.0 680 –248 –885 95 Quadrem U.S., Inc., Plano, Texas, USA 3) 100.0 — — — — SAP America, Inc., Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, USA 100.0 3,595,396 66,688 5,090,227 5,883 SAP Andina y del Caribe C.A., Caracas, Venezuela 100.0 21,279 –22,168 –15,530 30 SAP ARGENTINA S.A., Buenos Aires, Argentina 100.0 163,188 6,368 23,277 614 SAP Brasil Ltda, São Paulo, Brazil 100.0 492,164 20 72,794 1,384 SAP Canada Inc., Toronto, Canada 100.0 743,904 42,435 478,346 2,082 SAP Chile Limitada, Santiago, Chile 100.0 — — 14,560 — SAP Colombia S.A.S., Bogota, Colombia 100.0 92,123 –1,587 –12,849 193 SAP Costa Rica, S.A., San José, Costa Rica 100.0 8,995 –2,714 –119 12 SAP Financial Inc., Toronto, Canada 100.0 — 26,512 7,544 — SAP Global Marketing, Inc., New York, New York, USA 100.0 280,572 930 23,902 522 SAP Government Support & Services, Inc., Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, USA 100.0 146,524 30,605 157,444 242 SAP HANA REAL TIME FUND, San Mateo, California, USA 3),7) 0 — –596 –589 — SAP Industries, Inc., Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, USA 100.0 496,225 58,198 403,207 396 SAP International, Inc., Miami, Florida, USA 100.0 24,792 125 13,001 62 SAP Investments, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 100.0 — 25,369 671,287 — SAP LABS, LLC, Palo Alto, California, USA 100.0 519,573 83,246 220,683 2,130 SAP México S.A. de C.V., Mexico City, Mexico 100.0 271,356 –18,381 –29,798 492 SAP PERU S.A.C., Lima, Peru 100.0 34,433 –537 831 50 SAP Public Services, Inc., Washington, D.C., USA 100.0 342,411 20,381 261,126 210 F-94 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) SAP Technologies Inc., Palo Alto, California, USA 100.0 — — — — SAP Ventures Fund I, L.P., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 7) 0 — 23,753 46,097 — SuccessFactors, Inc., San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 221,260 –131,317 2,662,376 1,318 SuccessFactors Brasil Consultoria e Assistência em Vendas Limitada, Sao Paulo, Brazil 3) 100.0 2,218 27 66 15 SuccessFactors Canada Inc., Ottawa, Canada 3) 100.0 6,906 109 389 26 SuccessFactors Cayman, Ltd., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 3) 100.0 — — 218 — SuccessFactors de México, S. de R.L. de C.V., Mexico City,
Mexico 3) 100.0 1,612 9 28 13 SuccessFactors International Holdings, LLC, San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 — — 107 — SuccessFactors International Services, Inc., San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 2,605 47 130 11 SuccessFactors Middle East Holdings, LLC, San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 — — — — Surplus Record, Inc., Chicago, Illinois, USA 3) 100.0 744 191 7,348 — Sybase 365 LLC, Dublin, California, USA 100.0 75,612 –6,469 58,214 125 Sybase 365 Ltd., Tortola, British Virgin Islands 100.0 — 1,005 –949 — Sybase Argentina S.A., Buenos Aires, Argentina 100.0 3,591 540 1,786 12 Sybase Canada Ltd., Waterloo, Canada 100.0 36,565 972 6,269 76 Sybase Global LLC, Dublin, California, USA 100.0 — — 7,384 — Sybase Intl Holdings LLC, Dublin, California, USA 100.0 — –190 11,859 — Sybase, Inc., Dublin, California, USA 100.0 501,011 143,240 4,464,086 1,195 Syclo LLC, Hoffman Estates, Illinois, USA 3) 100.0 16,684 1,251 110,466 151 The Inforhrm Group Inc., Washington, Columbia, USA 3) 100.0 — –23 –21 — TomorrowNow, Inc., Bryan, Texas, USA 100.0 — 1,716 –186,084 3 YouCalc, Inc., San Mateo, California, USA 3) 100.0 — — — — ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN Ariba (China) Limited, Hong Kong, China 3) 100.0 — — — — Ariba Australia Pty Ltd., Sydney, Australia 3) 100.0 2 0 20 — Ariba India Pvt. Ltd., Gurgaon, India 3) 100.0 1,006 –45 1,917 39 Ariba International Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 3) 100.0 2,257 –132 –5,358 16 F-95 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) Ariba Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 3) 100.0 — — — — Ariba Software Technology Services (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Shanghai, China 3) 100.0 381 214 588 1 Ariba Technologies India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India 3) 100.0 4,926 480 5,525 539 Beijing Zhang Zhong Hu Dong Information Technology Co. Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 306 1,459 862 7 Business Objects Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100.0 — 3 269 — Business Objects Software (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100.0 7,735 543 7,606 88 iAnywhere Solutions K.K., Tokyo, Japan 100.0 13,267 –902 –3,454 23 Nihon Ariba K.K., Tokyo, Japan 3) 100.0 665 18 1,663 12 Plateau Systems Australia Ltd, Brisbane, Australia 3) 100.0 — — –862 — Plateau Systems Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 3) 100.0 — — –507 — PT SAP Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia 100.0 53,976 4,780 7,488 61 PT Sybase 365 Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia 100.0 187 –11 412 — Quadrem Asia Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 3) 100.0 16 0 108 1 Quadrem Australia Pty Ltd., Brisbane, Australia 3) 100.0 758 –115 1,023 25 Quadrem China Ltd., Hong Kong, China 3) 100.0 — — 14 — Right Hemisphere Ltd., Auckland, New Zealand 100.0 308 –2,763 4,321 — Ruan Lian Technologies (Beijing) Co. Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 29 210 –942 1 SAP (Beijing) Software System Co., Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 403,440 –45,551 31,697 3,526 SAP Asia Pte Limited, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 339,899 30,208 81,561 784 SAP Asia (Vietnam) Co. Ltd., Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 100.0 1,162 47 457 34 SAP Australia Pty Limited, Sydney, Australia 100.0 504,708 14,595 279,758 655 SAP HONG KONG CO. LIMITED, Hong Kong, China 100.0 37,022 –1,377 –544 112 SAP INDIA (HOLDING) PTE LTD., Singapore, Singapore 100.0 — –8 305 — SAP INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED, Bangalore, India 100.0 409,978 36,209 210,466 1,768 SAP JAPAN Co., Ltd., Tokyo, Japan 100.0 753,947 47,159 490,916 1,005 SAP Korea Limited, Seoul, South Korea 100.0 154,265 7,507 24,885 297 F-96 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) SAP Labs India Private Limited, Bangalore, India 100.0 178,290 –6,255 –3,073 4,635 SAP Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100.0 74,873 6,001 24,023 123 SAP New Zealand Limited, Auckland, New Zealand 100.0 57,580 5,032 36,565 91 SAP PHILIPPINES, INC., Makati, Philippines 100.0 39,433 –349 9,218 45 SAP R&D Center Korea, Inc., Seoul, South Korea 100.0 12,809 426 17,457 103 SAP SYSTEMS, APPLICATIONS AND PRODUCTS IN DATA PROCESSING (THAILAND) LTD., Bangkok, Thailand 6) 49.0 58,933 2,008 37,725 63 SAP TAIWAN CO., LTD., Taipei, Taiwan 100.0 69,778 6,325 32,385 92 Shanghai SuccessFactors Software Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 3) 100.0 8,639 440 771 145 SuccessFactors (Philippines), Inc., Pasig City, Philippines 3) 100.0 1,058 27 130 59 SuccessFactors Asia Pacific Limited, Hong Kong, China 3) 100.0 11 0 222 — SuccessFactors Australia Holdings Pty Ltd., Brisbane, Australia 3) 100.0 — –1,441 15,826 — SuccessFactors Australia Pty Limited, Brisbane, Australia 3) 100.0 17,544 1,525 41,871 89 SuccessFactors Business Solutions India Private Limited, Bangalore,
India 3) 100.0 5,447 297 399 158 SuccessFactors Hong Kong Limited, Hong Kong, China 3) 100.0 2,312 38 87 10 SuccessFactors Japan K.K., Tokyo, Japan 3) 100.0 1,978 3 135 8 SuccessFactors Korea Ltd., Seoul, South Korea 3) 100.0 23 –1 35 — SuccessFactors Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 3) 100.0 2,175 47 89 11 Sybase (Singapore) Pte Limited, Singapore 100.0 14,203 403 1,512 172 Sybase 365 Ltd. (HK), Hong Kong, China 100.0 — — — — Sybase Australia Pty Limited, Sydney, Australia 100.0 23,754 1,023 9,454 31 Sybase Hong Kong Limited, Hong Kong, China 100.0 6,215 –193 367 — Sybase India, Ltd., Mumbai, India 100.0 — –42 2,494 — Sybase K.K., Tokyo, Japan 100.0 37,360 278 2,004 63 Sybase Philippines Inc., Makati City, Philippines 100.0 — –12 –24 — F-97 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Ownership Total Revenue in 2012 1) Profit/Loss (–) after Tax for 2012 1) Total Equity as at 12/31/2012 1) Number of Employees as at 12/31/2012 2) Name and Location of Company % € (000) € (000) € (000) Sybase Software (China) Co. Ltd., Beijing, China 100.0 24,536 –108 16,402 375 Sybase Software (India) Private Ltd, Mumbai, India 100.0 10,299 2,408 8,731 238 Sybase Software (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 100.0 2,545 24 2,207 — TomorrowNow Australia Pty Limited, Sydney, Australia 100.0 — 3 407 — TomorrowNow Singapore Pte Limited, Singapore, Singapore 100.0 — –10 72 — II. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES Alteryx Inc., Irvine, California, USA 9.19 21,448 –5,078 –4,587 145 ArisGlobal Holdings, LLC, Stamford, Connecticut, USA 16.00 39,154 241 8,223 776 China DataCom Corporation Limited, Guangzhou, China 28.30 37,278 3,722 35,446 880 Greater Pacific Capital (Cayman), L.P., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 11) 5.35 946 –457 306,489 — Original1 GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 40.00 26 –3,231 –1,309 3 Procurement Negócios Eletrônicos S/A, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 17.00 20,781 1,065 14,759 — 1) These figures are based on our local IFRS financial statements prior to eliminations resulting from consolidation and therefore do not reflect the contribution of these
companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The translation of the equity into group currency is based on period-end closing exchange rates, and on average exchange rates for revenue and net income/loss. 2) As at December 31, 2012, including managing directors, in FTE. 3) Consolidated for the first time in 2012. 4) Agreements with the other shareholders provide that SAP AG fully controls the entity. 5) Entity with profit and loss transfer agreement. 6) SAP AG holds 91% of the voting rights. The remaining shares are the preference shares with 9% of the voting rights. 7) Consolidated in accordance with IAS 27 in conjunction with SIC 12. 8) Pursuant to HGB, section 264 (3) or section 264b, the subsidiary is exempt from applying certain legal requirements to their statutory stand-alone financial
statements including the requirement to prepare notes to the financial statements and a review of operations, the requirement of independent audit and the requirement of public disclosure. 9) Entity whose personally liable partner is SAP AG. 10) Pursuant to sections 479A to 479C of the UK Companies Act 2006 the subsidiaries are exempt from having their financial statements audited on the basis that SAP AG has
provided a guarantee of these subsidiaries’ liabilities in respect of their financial year ended December 31, 2012. 11) Greater Pacific Capital (Cayman) is part of a fund-of-funds concept acting as one of the feeder-funds to the partnership. There are neither financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2012 nor budget or forecast available hence the information provided is based on the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011. F-98 Table of Contents As at December 31, 2012 Name and Location of Company III. OTHER EQUITY INVESTMENTS (ownership of 5% or more) Aepona Ltd., Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom Alchemist Accelerator Fund I LLC, San Francisco, California, USA Apriso Corporation, Long Beach, California, USA Connectiva Systems, Inc., New York, New York, USA Data Collective II L.P., San Francisco, California, USA Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz GmbH, Kaiserslautern, Germany EIT ICT Labs GmbH, Berlin, Germany Ignite Technologies, Inc., Frisco, Texas, USA InnovationLab GmbH, Heidelberg, Germany iTAC Software AG, Dernbach, Germany iYogi Holdings Pvt. Ltd., Port Louis, Mauritius JasperSoft Corporation, San Francisco, California, USA Lavante, Inc., San José, California, USA MuleSoft, Inc., San Francisco, California, USA MVP Strategic Partnership Fund GmbH & Co. KG, Grünwald, Germany On Deck Capital, Inc., New York, New York, USA Onventis GmbH, Stuttgart, Germany Patent Quality, Inc., Bellevue, Washington, USA PayScale Inc., Seattle, Washington, USA Post for Systems, Cairo, Egypt Powersim Corporation, Herndon, Virginia, USA Realize Corporation, Tokyo, Japan Retail Solutions, Inc. (legal name: T3C, Inc.), Mountain View, California, USA Return Path, Inc., New York, New York, USA RIB Software AG, Stuttgart, Germany Smart City Planning, Inc., Tokyo, Japan SV Angel IV L.P., San Francisco, California, USA Technologie- und Gründerzentrum Walldorf Stiftung GmbH, Walldorf, Germany The SAVO Group Ltd., Chicago, Illinois, USA Ticketfly, Inc., San Francisco, California, USA F-99