 ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

##TABLE_END

Overview 

Google is a global technology leader focused on improving the ways people connect with information. We aspire to build products and provide services that improve the lives of billions of people globally. Our mission is to organize the world&#8217;s information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our innovations in web search and advertising have made our website a top internet property and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Our Google segment generates revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising. Businesses use our AdWords program and AdSense program to promote their products and services with advertising on both Google-owned properties and publishers' sites across the web. 

Our Motorola Mobile segment is focused on mobile wireless devices and related products and services. In January 2014, we entered into an agreement with Lenovo Group Limited (Lenovo), a Hong Kong corporation, providing for the disposition of our Motorola Mobile segment. The transaction is expected to close in 2014. 

Our business is primarily focused around the following key areas: search and display advertising, the Android operating system platform, consumer content through Google Play, enterprise, commerce and hardware products. 

We were incorporated in California in September 1998 and reincorporated in Delaware in August 2003. Our headquarters are located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, and our telephone number is (650) 253-0000. We completed our initial public offering in August 2004 and our Class A common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;GOOG.&#8221; 

On January 30, 2014, we announced that our board of directors had approved a distribution of shares of our Class C capital stock as a dividend to our stockholders with a dividend record date of March 27, 2014 and a dividend payment date of April 2, 2014. On the first trading day expected to be April 3, 2014, Class C will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "GOOG" and Class A will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "GOOGL." 

2013 Corporate Highlights 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Android &#32;- Our Android operating system continues to grow with more than a billion Android devices activated globally as of September 2013. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Google Play &#32;- Google Play is an entirely cloud-based, digital entertainment store with more than a million apps and games plus millions of songs and books and thousands of movies that our users can find, enjoy and share on their computer, phone or tablet. Our new music subscription service, All Access, lets people listen to more than 20 million songs for $9.99 a month on any device. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Chromebooks and Chrome &#32;- Chromebooks are computers that are built for the way people work and live today. Chromebooks, like the Chrome browser, are built around the core tenets of speed, simplicity, and security. Today, eight of the top computer manufacturers are making Chromebooks, and Chromebooks are used in more than 5,000 schools. Chrome has made browsing the web simpler, speedier and safer for more than 750 million users around the world. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Chromecast &#32;- To help make it easy to bring users&#8217; favorite online entertainment to the biggest screen in their house - the TV - we introduced Chromecast. Chromecast is a small and affordable device that users simply plug into their high-definition (HD) TV and it allows users to use their phone, tablet or laptop to "cast" online content to their TV screen. It works with Netflix, YouTube, Google Play Movies &#38; TV, Google Play Music, HBO Go, Hulu Plus and Pandora. With Chromecast, we wanted to create an easy solution that works for everyone, for every TV in the house . 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Nexus &#32;- We launched Nexus 5, our newest smartphone, in October 2013, that features an intelligently simple design that is precision-built from strong materials. It comes in black, white and red and has a 5&#8221; HD display, Snapdragon 800 processor, 4G/LTE and built-in wireless charging. In July 2013, we also launched a refreshed Nexus 7 tablet. The thinner, lighter and faster Nexus 7 delivers the perfect mix of power and portability. It features the world&#8217;s sharpest 7" tablet screen - putting over 2.3M pixels in the palm of each user&#8217;s hand. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Google Now &#32;- We continue to improve Google Now, which brings users information they want, when they need it. In 2013, we added a number of new cards for car rentals, concert tickets, commute sharing, NCAA football 

##TABLE_END 3 

and new reminders, as well as improved public transit and updated TV cards, all appearing automatically throughout the day on any device at the moment users need them. 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Ads &#32;- We introduced Enhanced Campaigns in February 2013 as a new way for advertisers to more easily create campaigns that run across multiple devices in AdWords. In addition, we launched Estimated Total Conversions, which helps our advertisers measure the full influence of their online campaigns as users move across multiple screens. 

##TABLE_END On January 29, 2014, we entered into an acquisition agreement with Lenovo to sell our Motorola Mobile segment. Google will retain the vast majority of Motorola Mobile's patent portfolio, which will be licensed back to Motorola Mobile for its continued operations. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, Lenovo will acquire Motorola Mobile for total consideration of (i) $660 million in cash, subject to adjustments for working capital, deferred revenue and net debt, (ii) $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares, based on the Lenovo share price at closing and (iii) a $1.5 billion interest free, three-year prepayable promissory note. We expect the transaction to close in 2014. 

Search 

Google Search continues to evolve and improve as more information comes online, and as people increasingly look to their mobile devices for answers throughout the day. While on the go, users can now ask questions of the Google Search app on Android and iOS in natural language and get answers - "Where&#8217;s my package? Do I need a jacket this weekend? Who built the Eiffel Tower? What year was it constructed?" 

To enable this, we've expanded and improved our Knowledge Graph, which allows users to search for things, people or places that Google knows about, and built systems that recognize speech accurately and understand natural language. As described above, we are also making Google Now more useful, adding more kinds of cards that help with everything from car rentals, to concert tickets, to commute sharing, to reminders users can set for a specific place - so, for example, users can say "Remind me to pick up milk when I get to Shop Rite," and they will get a reminder when they get to the store. 

In addition, we are constantly improving and adding to our products and services, to provide users with more relevant results so that users find what they are looking for faster. We also offer Product Listing Ads, which include richer product information, such as product image, price, and merchant information, without requiring additional keywords or ad text. 

Advertising 

The goal of AdWords, our primary auction-based advertising program, is to deliver ads that are so useful and relevant to search queries or web content that they are a form of information in their own right. With AdWords, advertisers create simple text-based ads that appear beside related search results or web content on our websites and on thousands of partner websites in our Google Network, which is the network of third parties that use our advertising programs to deliver relevant ads with their search results and content. Most of our AdWords customers pay us on a cost-per-click basis, which means that an advertiser pays us only when a user clicks on one of its ads. We also offer AdWords on a cost-per-impression basis that enables advertisers to pay us based on the number of times their ads appear on our websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites as specified by the advertiser. 

Our AdSense program enables websites that are part of the Google Network to deliver ads from our AdWords advertisers that are relevant to the search results or content on their websites. We share the majority of the revenues generated from these ads with the Google Network Members that display the ads. The AdSense program enables advertisers to extend the reach of their ad campaigns, improves our partners&#8217; ability to generate revenue from their content, and delivers relevant ads for their users. 

As consumers increasingly live their lives across multiple screens, we introduced enhanced campaigns in AdWords to help advertisers big and small create relevant campaigns across all devices more easily. All of the more than one million AdWords advertisers are now using this new system, and the feedback we have gotten from marketers has been very positive. 

Display advertising comprises the videos, text, images, and other interactive ads that run across the web on computers and mobile devices, including smart phones and handheld computers such as netbooks and tablets. The Google Display Network provides advertisers services related to the delivery of display advertising across publishers participating in our AdSense program, publishers participating in the DoubleClick Ad Exchange, and Google-owned sites such as YouTube and Google Finance. 

Through our DoubleClick advertising technology, we provide to publishers, agencies, and advertisers the ad serving technology, which is the infrastructure that enables billions of ads to be served each day across the web. Our DoubleClick Ad Exchange creates a real-time auction marketplace for the trading of display ad space. We aim to simplify display advertising so it is easier for advertisers and publishers to manage campaigns across different screens and formats. 

In addition, YouTube provides a range of video, interactive, and other ad formats for advertisers to reach their intended audience. YouTube&#8217;s video advertising solutions give advertisers a way to promote their content to the YouTube community, as well as to associate with content being watched by their target audience. YouTube also offers analytic tools to help advertisers understand their audience and derive general business intelligence. In the past year, YouTube has experienced strong growth in mobile viewers and has established key partnerships with content companies to help monetize mobile video. 

Consumer Content and Platforms 

Android . Working closely with the Open Handset Alliance, a business alliance of more than 75 technology and mobile companies, we developed Android, a free, fully open source mobile software platform that any developer can use to create applications for mobile devices and any handset manufacturer can install on a device. We believe Android will drive greater innovation and choice in the mobile device ecosystem, and provide consumers with a more powerful mobile experience. 

Chromebook, Chrome, and Chromecast. &#32;As mentioned above, we launched several new hardware products this year including multiple Chromebooks, Nexus 5 (smartphone), Nexus 7 (7" tablet), and Chromecast (device allowing the consumer to "cast" online content to their TV screen), all of which received extremely positive user feedback. 

Google+ . Google+ allows users to share online just like users do in the real world, sharing different things with different people. As of October 2013, we had 540 million 30-day active users across our Google properties. 

Google Play. &#32;Google Play is our digital entertainment store for apps, music, books and movies. We also launched our All Access music service this year which allows users to listen to our vast music library. This year we brought Google Play to more platforms so Play Music, Play Movies and Play Books can now be enjoyed on the iPhone and iPad, in addition to Android devices. 

Google Drive . Google Drive is a place where users can create, share, collaborate, and keep all of their stuff. Google Docs is built right into Google Drive so users can work with others in real time on documents, spreadsheets and presentations and users&#8217; files go everywhere they do. When users change a file on the web, on their computer, or on their mobile device, the file updates on every device where users have installed Google Drive. 

Google Wallet . Google Wallet is a virtual wallet that securely stores users&#8217; credit and debit cards, offers, and rewards cards. Users can tap their phone to pay in-store using Google Wallet anywhere contactless payments are accepted. Users can also easily pay online and on their mobile devices at participating merchant sites and apps using Google Wallet. People can also easily send money to their friends through Gmail or through the Google Wallet app. 

Enterprise 

With Google's Enterprise products, we help users work the way they live by enhancing our consumer products used by billions with the features and controls their business needs to be productive, innovative and successful. These tools such as Google Apps (which includes Gmail, Google Drive, Calendar, Google Sites, and more) are built to let people work anywhere, anytime, on any device, without loss of security or control. We also provide versions of our Google Maps Application Programming Interface (API) for businesses (including fully interactive Google Maps for public and internal websites), as well as Google Earth Enterprise (a behind-the-company-firewall software solution for imagery and data visualization). 

We now also offer infrastructure and cloud services to developers and businesses with Google Cloud Platform. This suite of services includes a Platform as a Service (PAAS) offering called Google App Engine, storage through Google Cloud Storage, real time analytics through Google BigQuery, Structured Query Language (SQL) through Google Cloud SQL, and Infrastructure as a Service (IAAS) via Google Compute Engine. 

Motorola 

The Motorola Mobile segment is focused on mobile wireless devices and related products and services and generates revenues primarily by selling hardware products. In January 2014, we entered into an agreement with 

Lenovo providing for the disposition of our Motorola Mobile segment. 

Research 

We continue to develop new products and services and to enhance our existing ones through research and product development and the licensing and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology. Our product development philosophy is to launch innovative products early and often, and then iterate rapidly to make those products even better. We often post early-stage products at test locations online or directly on Google.com. We then use data and user feedback to decide if and how to invest further in those products. 

Our research and development expenses were $5.2 billion, $6.8 billion, and $8.0 billion in 2011, 2012, and 2013, respectively, which included stock-based compensation expense of $1.1 billion, $1.3 billion, and $1.7 billion, respectively. We expect to continue to invest in building the employee and systems infrastructure needed to support the development of new products and services and to improve existing ones. 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names, and copyrights. Additionally, we have filed U.S. and international patent applications covering certain of our proprietary technology. Over time, we have assembled a portfolio of patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, domain names, and trade secrets covering our products and services. Our proprietary technology is not dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. Although we rigorously protect our proprietary technology, any significant impairment of, or third-party claim against, our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. 

Sales and Support 

We continue to develop and grow our sales and support infrastructure. We have over 85 offices in over 50 countries, the large majority of which include sales people. Our global sales and support infrastructure has specialized teams across vertical markets. We bring businesses into our advertising network through direct, remote, and online sales channels, using technology and automation wherever possible to improve our customers&#8217; experience and to grow our business cost-effectively. Our direct advertising and sales teams focus on building relationships with the largest advertisers and leading internet companies. We have built a multi-product sales force, with teams selling campaigns that include search and display (including video) that appear on multiple devices used by consumers. 

We provide customer service to our advertiser base through our global support organization. Our global support organization concentrates on helping our advertisers and Google Network Members get the most out of their relationship with us. 

No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2011, 2012, or 2013. 

Government Contracts 

No material portion of our business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the U.S. government. 

Marketing 

Google&#8217;s global brand is well known. We believe that building a trusted, highly recognized brand begins with providing high-quality products and services that make a notable difference in people&#8217;s lives. Our marketing, promotional, and public relations activities are designed to promote Google&#8217;s brand image and differentiate it from competitors. 

Competition 

Our business is characterized by rapid change and converging, as well as new and disruptive, technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with information on the web and provide them with relevant advertising. We face competition from: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

General purpose search engines, such as Yahoo and Microsoft&#8217;s Bing. 

##TABLE_END 6 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Kayak (travel queries), Monster.com (job queries), WebMD (health queries), and Amazon.com and eBay (e-commerce). Some users will navigate directly to such websites rather than go through Google. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter. Some users are relying more on social networks for product or service referrals, rather than seeking information through general purpose search engines. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Other forms of advertising, such as television, radio, newspapers, magazines, billboards, and yellow pages, for ad dollars. Our advertisers typically advertise in multiple media, both online and offline. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Mobile applications on iPhone and Android devices, which allow users to access information directly from a publisher without using search engines. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Providers of online products and services. A number of our online products and services, including Gmail, YouTube, and Google Docs, compete directly with new and established companies, which offer communication, information, and entertainment services integrated into their products or media properties. 

##TABLE_END We compete to attract and retain users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, primarily on the basis of the relevance and usefulness of our search results and the features, availability, and ease of use of our products and services. 

We also compete to attract and retain content providers (Google Network Members, as well as other content providers for whom we distribute or license content), primarily based on the size and quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues from advertising, and the terms of our agreements with them. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matter. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future and any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties. 

Culture and Employees 

We take great pride in our culture. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas to address complex technical challenges. Transparency and open dialog are central to us, and we like to ensure that company news reaches our employees first through internal channels. 

Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and give employees the freedom to act on their ideas regardless of role or function within the company. We strive to hire the best employees, with backgrounds and perspectives as diverse as our global users. We provide an environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers working on some of the biggest challenges in technology, and have a huge, positive impact on the world. 

At December 31, 2013, we had 47,756 full-time employees, consisting of 18,593 in research and development, 15,348 in sales and marketing, 6,563 in general and administrative, and 7,252 in operations. All of Google&#8217;s full-time employees are also equity holders, with significant collective employee ownership. Although we have works councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented by a labor union and we consider our employee relations to be good. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. 

Global Operations and Geographic Data 

We provide our products and services in more than 100 languages and in more than 50 countries, regions, and territories. On www.google.com or one of our other Google domains, users can find information in many different languages and in many different formats. The United States accounted for approximately 45% of our revenues in 2013. Information regarding financial data by geographic areas is set forth in Item 7 and Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Seasonality 

Our business is affected by both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and traditional retail seasonality. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly 

results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. 

Available Information 

Our website is located at www.google.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://investor.google.com. The following filings are available through our investor relations website after we file them with the SEC: Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements for our annual meetings of stockholders, for the last three years. These filings are also available for download free of charge on our investor relations website. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC&#8217;s website at www.sec.gov that has all of our public filings, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, our Proxy Statements, and other ownership related filings. Further, a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website as well as on our investor relations Google+ page (https://plus.google.com/+GoogleInvestorRelations/posts). Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading &#8220;Corporate Governance.&#8221; The content of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

##TABLE_END

Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our ability to compete successfully depends heavily on providing products and services that make using the internet a more useful and enjoyable experience for our users and delivering innovative products and technologies to the marketplace. As our business has evolved, the competitive pressure to innovate will now encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historical core business. 

We have many competitors in different industries, including general purpose search engines, vertical search engines and e-commerce sites, social networking sites, traditional media companies, wireless mobile device companies, and providers of online products and services. Our current and potential competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users, and they can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, investing aggressively in research and development, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious) and competing aggressively for advertisers and websites. Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can. 

Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising, wireless mobile devices, and web-based products and services. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is 

also a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology, market trends and consumer needs. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our web search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then acceptance rates for our products and services could decline and affect consumer and advertiser perceptions of our brand. In addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult technological and legal challenges, and we may be subject to claims if users of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other issues. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, and Google Network Members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities, or are not effectively brought to market. As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. 

We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

More people are using devices other than personal computers to access the internet and accessing new platforms to make search queries. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our web search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 

The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as netbooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, is increasing dramatically. The lower resolution, functionality, and memory associated with some alternative devices make the use of our products and services through such devices more difficult and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers, or distributors of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via &#8220;apps&#8221; tailored to particular devices or social media platforms, which could affect our share of the search market over time. As new devices and platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. 

We generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and a reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We generated 91% of Google revenues from our advertisers in 2013. Our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, or if we do not deliver their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would adversely affect our revenues and business. 

In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have a material negative impact on the demand for 

advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and business. 

Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. 

Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including as a result of: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

increasing competition, 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

changes in property mix, platform mix and geographical mix, 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the evolution of the online advertising market, including the increasing variety of online platforms for advertising, and the other markets in which we participate and 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

the success of our investments in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. 

##TABLE_END 

The revenue growth rate of our Motorola Mobile segment will also depend on a number of factors, including the success of our new products, our reliance on several large customers, the absence of long-term exclusivity arrangements with such customers, our ability to gain significant market share in the mobile devices space, our reliance on third-party distributors, representatives and retailers to sell certain of our products and the successful implementation of our product and operating system strategies. Furthermore, consolidation in the telecommunications industry could negatively impact our business because there would be fewer network operators and it could be more difficult to replace any lost customers. Any of these factors could have a negative impact on our Motorola Mobile segment and have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. 

We believe our operating margin will experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased expenditures for many aspects of our business, including Motorola, and new lines of business. For instance, our operating margin will experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our Google Network Members' websites compared to revenues generated through ads placed on our own websites or if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote the distribution of certain products, including Google Chrome. Both the margin on revenues we generate from our Google Network Members and the margin on revenues from our Motorola business are significantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on our websites. Also, the margins on advertising revenues from mobile devices and newer advertising formats are generally less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on our websites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network Members. 

We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. 

The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields implicate a variety of new regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. We continue to cooperate with the European Commission (EC), other international regulatory authorities, and several state attorneys general in investigations they are conducting with respect to our business and its impact on competition. Legislators and regulators, including those conducting investigations in the U.S. and Europe, may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our products and services less useful to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business and results of operations in material ways. 

We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 

We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust (such as the pending investigations by the EC), intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. The sale of hardware products also exposes us to the risk of product liability and other litigation involving assertions about product defects, as well as health and safety, hazardous materials usage, and other environmental concerns. In addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation, as further discussed later, that exposes us to the risk of exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell products and services. 

Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, requiring a change in our business practices or product recalls or other field action, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks include: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or technology. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Integration of the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval, under competition and antitrust laws which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third parties. 

##TABLE_END 

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

Our acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. 

The brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business. 

Maintaining and enhancing the &#8220;Google&#8221; brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in the internet market. Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including data protection and security issues, service outages, and product malfunctions. If we fail to maintain and enhance the &#8220;Google&#8221; brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to be a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality innovative products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties. 

Furthermore, many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. The laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain. For example, the laws relating to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims have also been, or may be, threatened and filed against us under both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and services, or content generated by our users. Moreover, current and new patent laws such as U.S. patent laws and European patent laws may affect the ability of companies, including us, to protect their innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for caching or hosting, or for listing or linking to, third-party websites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Any future legislation impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as California's Information Practices Act. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Internet, technology, media, and other companies own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against us have increased and may continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies. 

We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services, and technologies, including Android, Google Search, Google AdWords, Google AdSense, Motorola products, Google Maps, Google Books, Google News, Google Image Search, Google Chrome, Google Talk, Google Voice, and YouTube, among others, infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Third parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us by filing claims in U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell our products or services in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found to infringe the intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business practices, and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. 

In addition, many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business. Moreover, supplier provided intellectual property indemnities to us, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers from covered products. 

Regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive to litigate or settle, and cause significant diversion of management attention. To the extent such intellectual property infringement claims are successful, they may have an adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services and technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. 

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, because of our long-term interests in open source, we may not have adequate patent protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. 

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by outside parties, or by our employees, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. 

We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word &#8220;Google&#8221; could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word &#8220;search.&#8221; If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word &#8220;Google&#8221; to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand. 

Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 

We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 

We host and provide a wide variety of services and products that enable users to exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of these online services and products for activities of their users is still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information that we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including our users. In addition, we are and have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates U.S. and non-U.S. law. 

We also arrange for the distribution of third-party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising networks, and we offer third-party products, services, or content. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them, even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other 

resources, may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner. 

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services. 

From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, or processes compromise the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. 

In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web-based, the amount of data we store for our users on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the release of our users' data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we offer, and operate in more countries. 

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects. 

We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management. For instance, the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or our products are found to be defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, and we have third-party arrangements for the design of some components and parts. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them. 

In the past, Motorola, like many electronics manufacturers, has experienced supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and significant changes in the financial or business condition of its suppliers. Workaround plans to address shortages have entailed in the past, and could entail in the future, increased freight costs for expedited shipments. We cannot assure you that we will not experience shortages or other supply chain disruptions in the future or that they will not negatively impact our operations. In addition, some of the components we use in our products are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms or at all in the event of a supply chain disruption. 

Additionally, because many of our supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase requirements, if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costs or other financial liabilities that could make our hardware products more costly per unit to manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our financial results. Further, certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply. 

We also require our suppliers and business partners to comply with law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them 

or their practices. If any of them violates laws or implements practices regarded as unethical, we could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. If any of them fails to procure necessary license rights to third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could impact the salability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to third parties. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act includes disclosure requirements regarding the use of &#8220;conflict&#8221; minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries (DRC) and procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to prevent the sourcing of such &#8220;conflict&#8221; minerals. SEC rules implementing these requirements may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply DRC &#8220;conflict free&#8221; components and parts, and we may not be able to obtain DRC conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for our operations. Since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the "conflict" minerals used in our products. 

If our security measures are breached, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 

Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users' and customers' proprietary information, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability. We experience cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis, and as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained, and may in the future obtain, access to our data or our users' or customers' data. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users' or customers' data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers. 

Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services. 

&#8220;Web spam&#8221; refers to websites that attempt to violate a search engine's quality guidelines or that otherwise seek to rank higher in search results than a search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Although English-language web spam in our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek ways to improve their rankings inappropriately. We continuously combat web spam, including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. We face challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including &#8220;content farms&#8221;, which are websites that generate large quantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes focused on low-quality websites. If web spam and content farms continue to increase on Google, this could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information or reduce user traffic to our websites. In addition, as we continue to take actions to improve our search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may in the short run reduce our AdSense revenues, since some of these websites are AdSense partners. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of certain of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and 

our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice for financial reasons, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors or vulnerabilities in our products and services, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and damage our brand. 

Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to further expand internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 55% of our consolidated revenues in 2013, and more than half of our user traffic has been coming from outside the U.S. In certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. 

Most of our Motorola products are manufactured outside the U.S., primarily in China, Taiwan and Brazil. If our manufacturing in these countries is disrupted, our overall capacity could be reduced and sales or profitability could be negatively impacted. We require suppliers and business partners to comply with the law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. If any of them violates laws or implements practices regarded as unethical, we could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. If any of them fails to procure necessary license rights to third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could impact the salability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to third parties. 

Moreover, in connection with Motorola Mobile's operations in Brazil, we have had and continue to have legal disputes and controversies, including tax, labor and trade compliance controversies and other legal matters that take many years to resolve. We incur legal and other costs in managing and defending these matters and expect to continue to incur such costs. Based on our assessment of these matters, we have recorded reserves on only a small portion of the total potential exposure. It is, however, very difficult to predict the outcome of legal disputes and controversies, including litigation, in Brazil and our ultimate exposure may be greater than our current assessments and related reserves. 

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Changes in local political, economic, social, and labor conditions, which may adversely harm our business. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Potential injunctions from importation into the U.S. of our Motorola products manufactured outside the U.S. in an ITC matter. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Still developing foreign laws and legal systems. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions. 

##TABLE_END In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include internal control and disclosure rules, data privacy and filtering requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and antitrust and competition regulations, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, 

criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. 

Finally, since we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our net income. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in this section in addition to the following factors may affect our operating results: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our ability to continue to attract users to our websites and satisfy existing users on our websites. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our ability to monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic on our websites and our Google Network Members' websites. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Revenue fluctuations caused by changes in property mix, platform mix and geographical mix. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability to manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations, and infrastructure. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The results of our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, technologies and acquisitions. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our ability to keep our websites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our ability to generate significant revenues from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources. 

##TABLE_END Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate. 

If we were to lose the services of Larry, Sergey, Eric, or other key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical to the overall management of Google and the development of our technology. Along with our Executive Chairman Eric E. Schmidt, they also play a key role in maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success 

depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads and that provide tools to users to opt out of our advertising products. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages for our users. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio. 

Given the global nature of our business, we have investments both domestically and internationally. Credit ratings and pricing of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, financial results, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a result of gains on our foreign exchange risk management program, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. We are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 

The trading price for our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile, and if the shares of the new class of non-voting Class C capital stock are distributed as expected, the trading price of that class may also be volatile and may affect the trading price for the Class A common stock. 

The trading price of our Class A common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. For example, from January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013, the closing price of our Class A common stock ranged from $702.87 per share to $1,120.71 per share. The trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on earnings. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless of its accuracy. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Sales of Class A common stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers, and other employees). 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock. 

##TABLE_END 

In addition, following the settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute our non-voting Class C capital stock, our board of directors has approved a distribution of shares of Class C capital stock as a dividend to our holders of Class A and Class B common stock. We expect that the market price for the shares of Class A common stock will generally reflect the effect of a two-for-one stock split once the dividend is distributed. Although we plan to list the Class C capital stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market, we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, a liquid trading market will develop for the Class C capital stock. If it does not or if the Class C capital stock is not attractive to targets as an acquisition currency or to our employees as an incentive, we may not achieve our objectives in creating this new class. As in the case of the Class A common stock, the trading price for the Class C capital stock may also be volatile and affected by the factors noted above, as well as by the difference in voting rights as between the Class A common stock and the Class C capital stock, the volume of Class C capital stock available for public sale and sales by us and our stockholders of Class C capital stock, including by institutional investors that may be unwilling, unable or choose not to hold non-voting shares they receive as part of the stock dividend. Whether or not the Class C capital stock is included in stock indices in the future may also affect the trading prices of the Class A common stock and the Class C capital stock. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital Stock regardless of our actual operating performance. 

The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2013, Larry, Sergey, and Eric beneficially owned approximately 92.2% of our outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 61.7% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because our Class C capital stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C capital stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could prolong the duration of Larry and Sergey's current relative ownership of our voting power and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Together with Eric, they would also continue to be able to control any required stockholder vote with respect to certain change in control transactions involving Google (including an acquisition of Google by another company). 

This concentrated control limits or severely restricts our stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock could be adversely affected. 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry, Sergey, and Eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As noted above, the issuance of the Class C capital stock could have the effect of prolonging the influence of Larry, Sergey, and Eric. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

##TABLE_END 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. 

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

##TABLE_END

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Google is a global technology leader focused on improving the ways people connect with information. We aspire to build products and provide services that improve the lives of billions of people globally. Our mission is to organize the world&#8217;s information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our innovations in web search and advertising have made our website a top internet property and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Our Google segment generates revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising. Businesses use our AdWords program and AdSense program to promote their products and services with advertising on both Google-owned properties and publishers' sites across the web. 

Our Motorola Mobile segment is focused on mobile wireless devices and related products and services and generates revenues primarily by selling hardware products. In January 2014, we entered into an agreement with Lenovo providing for the disposition of the Motorola Mobile segment. The transaction is expected to close in 2014. 

The Motorola Home segment was focused on technologies and devices that provide video entertainment services to consumers by enabling subscribers to access a variety of interactive digital television services. In December 2012, we entered into an agreement for the disposition of the Motorola Home segment. The transaction closed on April 17, 2013. All financial results related to Motorola Home were presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Trends in Our Businesses 

Advertising transactions continue to shift from offline to online as the digital economy evolves. This has contributed to the rapid growth of our business since inception, resulting in substantially increased revenues, and we expect that our business will continue to grow. However, our revenue growth rate has generally declined over time, and it could do so in the future as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition, our investments in new business strategies, products, services, and technologies, changes in our product mix, shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues, query growth rates and how users make queries, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, and the evolution of the online advertising market, including the increasing variety of online platforms for advertising, and other markets in which we participate. 

Our users are increasingly connected to the internet and using multiple devices to access our products and services, a trend that has increased our global search queries and changed our platform mix. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving consumer preferences, as well as by advertising trends, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, and our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers in this multi-screen environment. 

The main focus of our advertising programs is to help businesses reach people in the moments that matter across all devices with smarter ads that are relevant to their intent and context, reflecting our commitment to constantly improve their overall web experience. As a result, we expect to continue to take steps to improve the relevance of the ads displayed on our websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. These steps include not displaying ads that generate low click-through rates or that send users to irrelevant or otherwise low-quality websites, updating our advertising policies and ensuring their compliance, and terminating our relationships with those Google Network Members whose websites do not meet our quality requirements. We may also continue to take steps to reduce the number of accidental clicks by our users. These steps could negatively affect the growth rate of our revenues. 

Both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenues, as well as aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click growth rates. 

The operating margin we realize on revenues generated from ads placed on our Google Network Members&#8217; websites through our AdSense program is significantly lower than the operating margin we realize from revenues generated from ads placed on our websites because most of the advertiser fees from ads served on Google Network Members&#8217; websites are shared with our Google Network Members. For the past five years, growth in advertising 

revenues from our websites has generally exceeded that from our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. This trend has had a positive impact on our operating margins, and we expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future, although the relative rate of growth in revenues from our websites compared to the rate of growth in revenues from our Google Network Members&#8217; websites may vary over time. Also, the margins on advertising revenues from mobile phones and other newer advertising formats are generally lower than those from desktop computers and tablets. We expect this trend to continue to pressure our margins, particularly if we fail to realize the opportunities we anticipate with the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment. 

We conduct our Motorola Mobile business in highly competitive markets, facing both new and established competitors. The markets for many of our products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, frequent new product introductions, changing consumer trends, short product life cycles, consumer loyalty and evolving industry standards. Market disruptions caused by new technologies, the entry of new competitors, consolidations among our customers and competitors, changes in regulatory requirements, changes in economic conditions, supply chain interruptions or other factors, can introduce volatility into our businesses. Meeting all of these challenges requires consistent operational planning and execution and investment in technology, resulting in innovative products that meet the needs of our customers around the world. 

From an overall business perspective, we continue to invest aggressively in areas of strategic focus, our systems, data centers, corporate facilities, information technology infrastructure, and employees. We expect to continue to hire aggressively for 2014 and provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. Our full-time employee headcount was 53,861 (including 11,113 headcount from Motorola Mobile and 5,204 from Motorola Home) at December 31, 2012, and 47,756 (including 3,894 headcount from Motorola Mobile) at December 31, 2013. Acquisitions will also remain an important component of our strategy and use of capital. We expect our cost of revenues will increase in dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods, primarily as a result of forecasted increases in traffic acquisition costs, manufacturing and inventory-related costs, data center costs, content acquisition costs, credit card and other transaction fees, and other costs. In particular, traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues may increase in the future if we are unable to continue to improve the monetization or generation of revenues from traffic on our websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. 

As we expand our advertising programs and other products to international markets, we continue to increase our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency to U.S. dollar exchange rates. We have a foreign exchange risk management program that is designed to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. However, this program will not fully offset the effect of fluctuations on our revenues and earnings. 

Other revenues consist of non-advertising revenues including licensing, hardware and digital content. We expect other revenues to continue to grow. However, operating margin on other revenues is generally lower than that on advertising revenues. 

Results of Operations 

We completed our acquisition of Motorola on May 22, 2012 (the acquisition date). In December 2012, we entered into an agreement for the disposition of the Motorola Home segment, and consequently, financial results related to Motorola Home were presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income in all periods presented. In April 2013, we completed the disposition of the Motorola Home segment. 

In January 2014, we entered into an agreement with Lenovo providing for the disposition of the Motorola Mobile segment. The transaction is expected to close in 2014. As we evaluate the impact of this agreement, we expect financial results of Motorola Mobile will be presented as net income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income and assets and liabilities of Motorola Mobile to be disposed of will be presented as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets beginning in the first quarter of 2014. 

Subsequent to the acquisition of Motorola, we initiated a restructuring plan of our Motorola business. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of this restructuring plan and the associated restructuring charges. 

The following table presents our historical operating results as a percentage of revenues for the periods indicated: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Consolidated Statements of Income Data: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Revenues: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google (advertising and other) 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

91.8 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

92.8 

% 

Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

0.0 

&#160; 

8.2 

&#160; 

7.2 

Total revenues 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

Costs and expenses: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of revenues - Google (advertising and other) 

34.8 

&#160; 

34.2 

&#160; 

36.8 

Cost of revenues - Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

0.0 

&#160; 

6.9 

&#160; 

6.5 

Research and development 

13.6 

&#160; 

13.5 

&#160; 

13.3 

Sales and marketing 

12.1 

&#160; 

12.2 

&#160; 

12.1 

General and administrative 

7.2 

&#160; 

7.8 

&#160; 

8.0 

Charge related to the resolution of Department of Justice investigation 

1.3 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total costs and expenses 

69.0 

% 

&#160; 

74.6 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

76.7 

% 

Income from operations 

31.0 

&#160; 

25.4 

&#160; 

23.3 

Interest and other income, net 

1.5 

&#160; 

1.3 

&#160; 

0.9 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

32.5 

&#160; 

26.7 

&#160; 

24.2 

Provision for income taxes 

6.8 

&#160; 

5.2 

&#160; 

3.8 

Net income from continuing operations 

25.7 

&#160; 

21.5 

&#160; 

20.4 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

0.0 

&#160; 

(0.1 

) 

&#160; 

1.2 

Net income 

25.7 

% 

&#160; 

21.4 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

21.6 

% 

##TABLE_END

Revenues by Segment 

The following table presents our segment revenues, by revenue source, for the periods presented (in millions): 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Advertising revenues: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google websites 

$ 

26,145 

&#160; 

$ 

31,221 

&#160; 

$ 

37,453 

Google Network Members' websites 

10,386 

&#160; 

12,465 

&#160; 

13,125 

Total advertising revenues 

36,531 

&#160; 

43,686 

&#160; 

50,578 

Other revenues 

1,374 

&#160; 

2,353 

&#160; 

4,972 

Google segment revenues 

$ 

37,905 

&#160; 

$ 

46,039 

&#160; 

$ 

55,550 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Motorola Mobile segment revenues 

&#160; 

4,136 

&#160; 

4,443 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Elimination and other 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(168 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total revenues 

$ 

37,905 

&#160; 

$ 

50,175 

&#160; 

$ 

59,825 

##TABLE_END

&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Google segment 

The following table presents our Google segment revenues, by revenue source, as a percentage of total Google segment revenues for the periods presented: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Advertising revenues: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google websites 

69.0 

% 

&#160; 

67.8 

% 

&#160; 

67.4 

% 

Google Network Members' websites 

27.4 

&#160; 

27.1 

&#160; 

23.6 

Total advertising revenues 

96.4 

% 

&#160; 

94.9 

% 

&#160; 

91.0 

% 

Other revenues 

3.6 

&#160; 

5.1 

&#160; 

9.0 

Total revenues 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google websites as % of advertising revenues 

71.6 

% 

&#160; 

71.5 

% 

&#160; 

74.0 

% 

Google Network Members&#8217; websites as % of advertising revenues 

28.4 

% 

&#160; 

28.5 

% 

&#160; 

26.0 

% 

##TABLE_END

Our Google segment revenues increased $9,511 million from 2012 to 2013. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in advertising revenues generated by Google websites and an increase in other revenues, and to a lesser extent, an increase in advertising revenues generated by Google Network Members' websites. The increase in other revenues was mainly driven by higher sales related to digital content and hardware products. The increase in advertising revenues for Google websites and Google Network Members' websites resulted primarily from an increase in the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs, as paid clicks on Google websites and Google Network Members' websites increased approximately 25% from 2012 to 2013. The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, as well as an increase in the number of Google Network Members, partially offset by certain advertising policy changes. The impact from the increase in paid clicks on our revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. Average cost-per-click on Google websites and Google Network Members' websites decreased approximately 8% from 2012 to 2013. The decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers was driven by various factors, such as the introduction of new products as well as changes in property mix, platform mix and geographical mix, and the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. 

Our Google segment revenues increased $8,134 million from 2011 to 2012. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in advertising revenues generated by Google websites and Google Network Members&#8217; websites and, to a lesser extent, an increase in other revenues driven by hardware product sales. The increase in advertising revenues for Google websites and Google Network Members&#8217; websites resulted primarily from an increase in the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs, as aggregate paid clicks on Google websites and Google Network Members&#8217; websites increased approximately 34% from 2011 to 2012. The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs was due to an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, certain monetization improvements including new ad formats, the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base, as well as an increase in the number of Google Network Members. The impact of this increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. Average cost-per-click on Google websites and Google Network Members&#8217; websites decreased approximately 12% from 2011 to 2012. The decrease in the average cost-per-click paid by our advertisers was driven by various factors, such as introduction of new products as well as changes in property mix, platform mix and geographical mix, and the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. 

The rate of change in aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click, and their correlation with the rate of change in revenues, has fluctuated and may fluctuate in the future because of various factors, including the revenue growth rates on our websites compared to those of our Google Network Members, advertiser competition for keywords, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, seasonality, the fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs, changes in advertising quality or formats, and general economic conditions. In addition, traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels also contributes to these fluctuations. Changes in aggregate paid clicks and average cost-per-click may not be indicative of our performance or advertiser experiences in any specific geographic market, vertical, or industry. 

Improvements in our ability to monetize increased traffic primarily relate to enhancing the end user experience, including providing end users with ads that are more relevant to their search queries or to the content on the Google Network Members&#8217; websites they visit. For instance, these improvements include displaying advertiser-nominated images that are relevant to the user query and creating a more engaging user shopping experience by enhancing 

search ads to include richer product information, such as product image, price, and merchant name. We believe that the increase in the number of paid clicks on Google websites and Google Network Members&#8217; websites is substantially the result of our commitment to improving the relevance and quality of both our search results and the advertisements displayed, which we believe results in a better user experience, which in turn results in more searches, advertisers, Google Network Members and other partners. 

Other revenues in our Google segment increased $2,619 million from 2012 to 2013 and also increased as a percentage of the segment revenues. The increase was primarily due to growth of our digital content products, such as apps, music and movies. Additionally, we experienced an increase in our hardware revenues due to Chromecast, directly-sold Nexus products and Chrome OS devices. In 2011, other revenue was not a significant driver of overall Google segment revenues. 

Motorola Mobile segment 

Our Motorola Mobile segment revenues increased $307 million from 2012 to 2013. The increase was due to approximately seven months of results being included in 2012 while twelve months of results were included in 2013 and a 14% increase in average selling price (&#8220;ASP&#8221;) related to new product launches and changes in product mix during the year, partially offset by a 6% decrease in units shipped during 2013. We note that results between 2012 and 2013 are not comparable due to the significant restructuring efforts to simplify the product portfolio completed over the nineteen-month period. 

The increase in the Motorola Mobile segment revenues from 2011 &#32;to 2012 &#32;resulted from the inclusion of revenues from the Motorola Mobile segment of $4,136 million subsequent to the acquisition in May 2012. 

Elimination and other 

Beginning in the third quarter of 2013, Google and Motorola Mobile segment revenues have been impacted by intersegment transactions that are eliminated in consolidation. Additionally, segment revenues associated with certain products were recognized during the year in our segment results, but deferred to future periods in our consolidated financial statements. This presentation is consistent with what is provided to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to each segment and assessing their performance. 

Revenues by Geography 

The following table presents our Google segment domestic and international revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues, determined based on the billing addresses of our customers for our Google segment: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

United States 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

United Kingdom 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Rest of the world 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

The following table presents our consolidated domestic and international revenues as a percentage of consolidated revenues, determined based on the billing addresses of our customers for our Google segment, and ship-to addresses of our customers for our Motorola Mobile segment: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

United States 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

United Kingdom 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

Rest of the world 

% 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END

The growth in revenues from the rest of the world as a percentage of the Google segment and consolidated revenues from 2012 to 2013 resulted largely from increased acceptance of our advertising programs, and our continued progress in developing localized versions of our products for the international markets as well as increased revenues from the rest of the world in our Motorola Mobile segment in 2013 as compared to 2012. 

Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenues 

The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies (primarily the Japanese yen and Brazilian real) from 2012 to 2013 had an unfavorable impact on our international revenues, which was partially offset by the general weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies (primarily the Euro). Had foreign exchange rates remained constant in these periods, our revenues from the United Kingdom would have been $67 million or 1.2% higher and our revenues from the rest of the world would have been approximately $613 million or 2.2% higher in 2013. This is before consideration of hedging gains of $63 million and $32 million recognized to revenues from the United Kingdom and the rest of the world in 2013. 

The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies (primarily the Euro) from 2011 to 2012 had an unfavorable impact on our international revenues. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant in these periods, our revenues from the United Kingdom would have been $68 million or 1.4% higher and our revenues from the rest of the world would have been approximately $1,211 million or 5.6% higher in 2012. This is before consideration of hedging gains of $18 million and $199 million recognized to revenues from the United Kingdom and the rest of the world in 2012. 

Although we expect to continue to make investments in international markets, these investments may not result in an increase in our international revenues as a percentage of total revenues in 2014 or thereafter. See Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about geographic areas. 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs. Traffic acquisition costs consist of amounts paid to our Google Network Members under AdSense arrangements and to certain other partners (our distribution partners) who distribute our toolbar and other products (collectively referred to as access points) or otherwise direct search queries to our website (collectively referred to as distribution arrangements). These amounts are primarily based on the revenue share and fixed fee arrangements with our Google Network Members and distribution partners. 

Certain distribution arrangements require us to pay our partners based on a fee per access point delivered and not exclusively - or at all - based on revenue share. These fees are non-refundable. Further, these arrangements are terminable at will, although under the terms of certain contracts we or our distribution partners may be subject to penalties in the event of early termination. We recognize fees under these arrangements over the estimated useful lives of the access points to the extent we can reasonably estimate those lives and they are one year or longer, or based on any contractual revenue share, if greater. Otherwise, the fees are charged to expense as incurred. The estimated useful life of the access points is based on the historical average period of time they generate traffic and revenues. 

Cost of revenues also includes the expenses associated with the operation of our data centers, including depreciation, labor, energy, and bandwidth costs; hardware inventory costs; credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions; amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; and content acquisition costs. We have entered into arrangements with certain content providers under which we distribute or license their video and other content. In a number of these arrangements, we display ads on the pages of our websites from which the content is viewed and share most of the fees these ads generate with the content providers. We also license content on the pages of our websites from which the content is sold and share most of the fees these sales generate with content providers. To the extent we are obligated to make guaranteed minimum revenue share payments to our content providers, we recognize as content acquisition costs the contractual revenue share amount or the amount determined on a straight-line basis, whichever is greater, over the term of the agreements. 

In addition, cost of revenues includes manufacturing and inventory-related costs primarily from our Motorola Mobile segment. 

The following tables present our cost of revenues by operating segment, our traffic acquisition costs, and traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues in the Google segment, for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google 

$ 

12,939 

&#160; 

$ 

16,816 

&#160; 

$ 

21,524 

Motorola Mobile 

&#160; 

3,294 

&#160; 

3,773 

Unallocated items 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total 

$ 

13,188 

&#160; 

$ 

20,634 

&#160; 

$ 

25,858 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Traffic acquisition costs related to AdSense arrangements 

$ 

7,294 

&#160; 

$ 

8,791 

&#160; 

$ 

9,293 

Traffic acquisition costs related to distribution arrangements 

1,517 

&#160; 

2,165 

&#160; 

2,965 

Traffic acquisition costs 

$ 

8,811 

&#160; 

$ 

10,956 

&#160; 

$ 

12,258 

Traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of Google segment advertising revenues 

24.1 

% 

&#160; 

25.1 

% 

&#160; 

24.2 

% 

##TABLE_END

Google segment 

Cost of revenues for the Google segment increased $4,708 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 . The increase was due to increases in traffic acquisition costs of $1,302 million resulting from more distribution fees paid, more fees paid for additional traffic directed to our websites, as well as more advertiser fees generated through our AdSense program. The remaining increase was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, hardware inventory costs as a result of increased hardware sales, content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to YouTube and digital content, and revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The decrease in traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily as a result of a shift of mix between Google website revenue and Google Network Members' websites. 

Cost of revenues for the Google segment increased $3,877 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 . The increase was primarily related to an increase in traffic acquisition costs of $2,145 million resulting from more advertiser fees generated through our AdSense program, more traffic directed to our websites, as well as more distribution fees paid. The remaining increase was primarily driven by increases in data center costs, hardware inventory costs and content acquisition costs. The increase in traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues was primarily the result of a greater increase in traffic acquisition costs related to distribution arrangements compared to the increase in advertising revenues generated by Google websites. 

Motorola Mobile segment 

Cost of revenues for the Motorola Mobile segment were not comparable between 2012 &#32;and 2013 &#32;because approximately seven months of results were included in 2012 while twelve months of results were included in 2013. Additionally, we conducted various restructuring activities to simplify the Motorola Mobile product portfolio subsequent to the acquisition in May 2012. 

Unallocated Items 

Unallocated items, including stock-based compensation expense, as well as restructuring and related charges, are not allocated to each segment because we do not include this information in our measurement of the performance of our operating segments. 

We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2014 and in future periods, primarily as a result of increases in traffic acquisition costs, data center costs, hardware and inventory costs, manufacturing and inventory-related costs, content acquisition costs, credit card and other transaction fees, and other costs. Traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues may fluctuate in the future based on a number of factors, including the following: 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The relative growth rates of revenues from our websites and from our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Whether we are able to enter into more AdSense arrangements that provide for lower revenue share obligations or whether increased competition for arrangements with existing and potential Google Network Members results in less favorable revenue share arrangements. 

##TABLE_END 31 

##TABLE_START &#8226; 

Whether we are able to continue to improve the monetization of traffic on our websites and our Google Network Members&#8217; websites. 

##TABLE_END##TABLE_START &#8226; 

The relative growth rates of expenses associated with distribution arrangements and the related revenues generated, including whether we share with certain existing and new distribution partners proportionately more of the aggregate advertising fees that we earn from paid clicks derived from search queries these partners direct to our websites. 

##TABLE_END Research and Development 

The following table presents our research and development expenses by operating segment for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google 

$ 

4,101 

&#160; 

$ 

4,809 

&#160; 

$ 

5,496 

Motorola Mobile 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Unallocated items 

1,061 

&#160; 

1,510 

&#160; 

1,754 

Total 

$ 

5,162 

&#160; 

$ 

6,793 

&#160; 

$ 

7,952 

##TABLE_END

Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel responsible for the research and development activities relating to new and existing products and services, as well as depreciation and equipment-related costs. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

Google segment 

Research and development expenses for the Google segment increased $687 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 &#32; and &#32; as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2013. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $596 million, largely as a result of an 18% increase in research and development headcount. 

Research and development expenses for the Google segment increased $708 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 &#32; and &#32; as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained relatively flat from 2011 to 2012. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $359 million, largely as a result of a 15% increase in research and development headcount, an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of $147 million, and an increase in professional services expense of $66 million. 

Motorola Mobile segment 

Research and development expenses for the Motorola Mobile segment were not comparable between 2012 &#32;and 2013 &#32;because approximately seven months of results were included in 2012 while twelve months of results were included in 2013. Additionally, we conducted various restructuring activities to simplify the Motorola Mobile product portfolio subsequent to the acquisition in May 2012. 

Unallocated Items 

Unallocated items, including stock-based compensation expense, as well as restructuring and related charges, are not allocated to each segment because we do not include this information in our measurement of the performance of our operating segments. 

We expect that research and development expenses will increase in dollar amount in 2014 and future periods because we expect to continue to invest in building the necessary employee and system infrastructure required to support the development of new, and to improve existing, products and services. 

Sales and Marketing 

The following table presents our sales and marketing expenses by operating segment for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google 

$ 

4,228 

&#160; 

$ 

5,017 

&#160; 

$ 

6,002 

Motorola Mobile 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Elimination and unallocated items 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total 

$ 

4,589 

&#160; 

$ 

6,143 

&#160; 

$ 

7,253 

##TABLE_END

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel engaged in customer service, sales, and sales support functions, as well as advertising and promotional expenditures. 

Google segment 

Sales and marketing expenses for the Google segment increased $985 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 &#32;and as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained flat from 2012 to 2013. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $674 million, as well as an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $233 million, largely as a result of a 13% increase in sales and marketing headcount. 

Sales and marketing expenses for the Google segment increased $789 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 &#32;and as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained flat from 2011 to 2012. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $390 million, largely as a result of a 14% increase in sales and marketing headcount, as well as an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $288 million. 

Motorola Mobile segment 

Sales and marketing expenses for the Motorola Mobile segment were not comparable between 2012 &#32;and 2013 &#32;because approximately seven months of results were included in 2012 while twelve months of results were included in 2013. Additionally, we conducted various restructuring activities to simplify the Motorola Mobile product portfolio subsequent to the acquisition in May 2012. 

Elimination and Unallocated Items 

Elimination items represent intersegment transactions that are eliminated in consolidation. Unallocated items, including stock-based compensation expense, as well as restructuring and related charges, are not allocated to each segment because we do not include this information in our measurement of the performance of our operating segments. 

We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2014 and future periods, as we expand our business globally, increase advertising and promotional expenditures in connection with new and existing products, and increase the level of service we provide to our advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. 

General and Administrative 

The following table presents our general and administrative expenses by operating segment for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google 

$ 

2,421 

&#160; 

$ 

3,090 

&#160; 

$ 

3,967 

Motorola Mobile 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Unallocated items 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total 

$ 

2,724 

&#160; 

$ 

3,845 

&#160; 

$ 

4,796 

##TABLE_END

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel and facilities, and include costs related to our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as fees for professional services. Professional services are principally comprised of outside legal, audit, information technology consulting, and outsourcing services. General and administrative expenses also include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets. 

Google segment 

General and administrative expenses for the Google segment increased $877 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 &#32;and as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained relatively flat from 2012 to 2013. The increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $396 million, largely as a result of a 15% increase in general and administrative headcount, an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expense of $222 million, as well as an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets of $157 million. 

General and administrative expenses for the Google segment increased $669 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 &#32;and as a percentage of Google segment revenues remained relatively flat from 2011 to 2012. This increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in amortization of acquired intangible assets of $274 million, an increase in professional services expense of $147 million, the majority of which was related to legal costs, and an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $122 million, primarily as a result of an 11% increase in general and administrative headcount. 

Motorola Mobile segment 

General and administrative expenses for the Motorola Mobile segment were not comparable between 2012 &#32;and 2013 &#32;because approximately seven months of results were included in 2012 while twelve months of results were included in 2013. Additionally, we conducted various restructuring activities to simplify the Motorola Mobile product portfolio subsequent to the acquisition in May 2012. 

Unallocated Items 

Unallocated items, including stock-based compensation expense, as well as restructuring and related charges, are not allocated to each segment because we do not include this information in our measurement of the performance of our operating segments. 

As we expand our business and incur additional expenses, we expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2014 and in future periods. 

Charge Related to the Resolution of Department of Justice Investigation 

In connection with a resolution of an investigation by the United States Department of Justice into the use of Google advertising by certain advertisers, we accrued $500 million during the first quarter of 2011, which was paid in August 2011 upon final resolution of that matter. 

Restructuring and related charges 

The following table presents our restructuring and related charges for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Restructuring and related charges (1) 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

##TABLE_END

(1) &#32;These amounts are included in the previously discussed sections above, as unallocated items related to cost of revenues, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 

Restructuring and related charges decreased $450 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 &#32;because we completed the majority of our restructuring and related activities related to Motorola in 2012. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The following table presents our stock-based compensation for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Stock-based compensation (1) (2) 

$ 

1,974 

&#160; 

$ 

2,523 

&#160; 

$ 

3,247 

##TABLE_END

(1) &#32;These amounts are included in the previously discussed sections above, as unallocated items related to cost of revenues, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 

(2) &#32;Stock-based compensation expenses of $126 million and $21 million are included in "restructuring and related charges" above for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. 

Stock-based compensation increased $724 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 &#32;and as a percentage of consolidated revenues remained flat from 2012 to 2013. This increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in headcount to support our growing business. 

Stock-based compensation increased $549 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 &#32;and as a percentage of consolidated revenues remained flat from 2011 to 2012. This increase in expenses was primarily due to additional stock awards issued to existing and new employees, as well as awards issued in connection with the acquisition of Motorola. 

Stock-based compensation expense for the Motorola Home segment was included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations. 

We estimate stock-based compensation related to awards granted through December 31, 2013 to be approximately $3.1 billion in 2014 and $3.2 billion thereafter. This estimate does not include expenses to be recognized related to employee stock awards that are granted after December 31, 2013 or non-employee stock awards that have been or may be granted. In addition, to the extent forfeiture rates are different from what we have anticipated, stock-based compensation related to these awards will be different from our expectations. 

Interest and Other Income, Net 

Interest and other income, net, decreased $96 million from 2012 &#32;to 2013 . This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the gain on divestiture of businesses (other than Motorola Home) of $245 million and a decrease in the realized gain on investments of $81 million, partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency exchange loss of $152 million and an increase in interest income of $72 million. 

Interest and other income, net, increased $42 million from 2011 &#32;to 2012 . This increase was primarily driven by a gain on divestiture of business of $188 million in 2012, an impairment charge related to equity investments of $110 million in 2011, partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange loss of $152 million and a decrease in interest income of $99 million. 

The costs of our foreign exchange hedging activities that we recognized to interest and other income, net, are primarily a function of the notional amount of the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement of the foreign exchange rates relative to the strike prices of the contracts, as well as the volatility of the foreign exchange rates. 

As we expand our international business, we believe costs related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program may increase in dollar amount in 2014 and future periods. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

The following table presents our provision for income taxes, and effective tax rate for the periods presented (dollars in millions): 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Provision for income taxes 

$ 

2,589 

&#160; 

$ 

2,598 

&#160; 

$ 

2,282 

Effective tax rate 

21.0 

% 

&#160; 

19.4 

% 

&#160; 

15.7 

% 

##TABLE_END

The federal research and development credit expired on December 31, 2011. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law. Under this act, the federal research and development credit was retroactively extended for amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2011 and before January 1, 2014. The effects of these changes in the tax law have resulted in a tax benefit which was recognized in the first quarter of 2013, the quarter in which the law was enacted. 

Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate decreased from 2012 &#32;to 2013 , primarily as a result of proportionately more earnings realized in countries that have lower statutory tax rates as well as the federal research and development credit related to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012. 

Our provision for income taxes increased from 2011 &#32;to 2012 , primarily as a result of increases in federal income taxes, driven by higher taxable income year over year and expiration of the federal research and development credit, partially offset by proportionately more earnings realized in countries that have lower statutory tax rates. Our effective tax rate decreased from 2011 to 2012, primarily as a result of proportionately more earnings realized in countries that 

have lower statutory tax rates as well as a discrete item related to an investigation by the Department of Justice recognized in 2011, which was not deductible for income tax purposes. 

Our effective tax rate could fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and could be adversely affected to the extent earnings are lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates. Our effective tax rate could also fluctuate due to the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities, including European governments. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 

See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates below for additional information about our provision for income taxes. 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate is set forth in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations 

On April 17, 2013, we completed the disposition of the Motorola Home segment to Arris and certain other persons for consideration of approximately $2,412 million in cash, including cash of $2,238 million received on the closing date and certain post-closing adjustments of $174 million received in the third quarter of 2013, and approximately $175 million in Arris' common stock (10.6 million shares). Subsequent to the transaction, we own approximately 7.8% of the outstanding shares of Arris. Additionally, in connection with the disposition, we agreed to indemnify Arris for potential liability from certain intellectual property infringement litigation, for which we recorded an indemnification liability of $175 million, the majority of which was settled during 2013. 

The disposition resulted in a net gain of $757 million, which was presented as part of net income from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

The Motorola Home segment results have been presented as a discontinued operation for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. The following table provides the financial results included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations during the periods presented (in millions): 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Revenues 

$ 

2,028 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

(22 

) 

&#160; 

(67 

) 

(Provision for)/Benefits from income taxes 

(29 

) 

&#160; 

Gain on disposal 

&#160; 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

$ 

(51 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

##TABLE_END

Quarterly Results of Operations 

The following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year. Please note that previously reported quarters have been adjusted to show discontinued operations for the disposition of the Motorola Home business. 

The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2013 . This table includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. Internet usage generally slows during the summer months, and commercial queries typically 

increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Quarter Ended 

&#160; 

Mar 31, 

&#160; 

Jun 30, 

&#160; 

Sep 30, 

&#160; 

Dec 31, 

&#160; 

Mar 31, 

&#160; 

Jun 30, 

&#160; 

Sep 30, 

&#160; 

Dec 31, 

&#160; 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 

(unaudited) 

Consolidated Statements of Income Data: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Revenues: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google (advertising and other) 

$ 

10,645 

&#160; 

$ 

10,964 

&#160; 

$ 

11,526 

&#160; 

$ 

12,905 

&#160; 

$ 

12,951 

&#160; 

$ 

13,107 

&#160; 

$ 

13,754 

&#160; 

$ 

15,707 

Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,778 

&#160; 

1,514 

&#160; 

1,018 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,139 

&#160; 

1,151 

Total revenues 

10,645 

&#160; 

11,807 

&#160; 

13,304 

&#160; 

14,419 

&#160; 

13,969 

&#160; 

14,105 

&#160; 

14,893 

&#160; 

16,858 

Costs and expenses: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of revenues - Google (advertising and other) 

3,789 

&#160; 

3,984 

&#160; 

4,440 

&#160; 

4,963 

&#160; 

5,136 

&#160; 

5,195 

&#160; 

5,409 

&#160; 

6,253 

Cost of revenues - Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,515 

&#160; 

1,250 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,004 

&#160; 

1,185 

Research and development 

1,441 

&#160; 

1,538 

&#160; 

1,879 

&#160; 

1,935 

&#160; 

1,837 

&#160; 

1,987 

&#160; 

2,017 

&#160; 

2,111 

Sales and marketing 

1,269 

&#160; 

1,413 

&#160; 

1,710 

&#160; 

1,751 

&#160; 

1,586 

&#160; 

1,735 

&#160; 

1,806 

&#160; 

2,126 

General and administrative 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,020 

&#160; 

1,126 

&#160; 

1,125 

&#160; 

1,197 

&#160; 

1,213 

&#160; 

1,261 

Total costs and expenses 

7,256 

&#160; 

8,570 

&#160; 

10,564 

&#160; 

11,025 

&#160; 

10,492 

&#160; 

10,982 

&#160; 

11,449 

&#160; 

12,936 

Income from operations 

3,389 

&#160; 

3,237 

&#160; 

2,740 

&#160; 

3,394 

&#160; 

3,477 

&#160; 

3,123 

&#160; 

3,444 

&#160; 

3,922 

Interest and other income, net 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

3,545 

&#160; 

3,490 

&#160; 

2,805 

&#160; 

3,546 

&#160; 

3,611 

&#160; 

3,370 

&#160; 

3,468 

&#160; 

4,047 

Provision for income taxes 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net income from continuing operations 

$ 

2,890 

&#160; 

$ 

2,833 

&#160; 

$ 

2,158 

&#160; 

$ 

2,907 

&#160; 

$ 

3,324 

&#160; 

$ 

2,554 

&#160; 

$ 

2,955 

&#160; 

$ 

3,381 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

&#160; 

(48 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(21 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(5 

) 

Net income 

$ 

2,890 

&#160; 

$ 

2,785 

&#160; 

$ 

2,176 

&#160; 

$ 

2,886 

&#160; 

$ 

3,346 

&#160; 

$ 

3,228 

&#160; 

$ 

2,970 

&#160; 

$ 

3,376 

Net income (loss) per share - basic: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Continuing operations 

$ 

8.88 

&#160; 

$ 

8.68 

&#160; 

$ 

6.59 

&#160; 

$ 

8.83 

&#160; 

$ 

10.06 

&#160; 

$ 

7.68 

&#160; 

$ 

8.86 

&#160; 

$ 

10.10 

Discontinued operations 

&#160; 

(0.14 

) 

&#160; 

0.05 

&#160; 

$ 

(0.06 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

0.07 

&#160; 

$ 

2.03 

&#160; 

$ 

0.04 

&#160; 

$ 

(0.02 

) 

Net income per share - basic 

$ 

8.88 

&#160; 

$ 

8.54 

&#160; 

$ 

6.64 

&#160; 

$ 

8.77 

&#160; 

$ 

10.13 

&#160; 

$ 

9.71 

&#160; 

$ 

8.90 

&#160; 

$ 

10.08 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Continuing operations 

$ 

8.75 

&#160; 

$ 

8.56 

&#160; 

$ 

6.48 

&#160; 

$ 

8.68 

&#160; 

$ 

9.87 

&#160; 

$ 

7.55 

&#160; 

$ 

8.71 

&#160; 

$ 

9.91 

Discontinued operations 

&#160; 

(0.14 

) 

&#160; 

0.05 

&#160; 

(0.06 

) 

&#160; 

0.07 

&#160; 

1.99 

&#160; 

0.04 

&#160; 

(0.01 

) 

Net income per share - diluted 

$ 

8.75 

&#160; 

$ 

8.42 

&#160; 

$ 

6.53 

&#160; 

$ 

8.62 

&#160; 

$ 

9.94 

&#160; 

$ 

9.54 

&#160; 

$ 

8.75 

&#160; 

$ 

9.90 

##TABLE_END

The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations as a percentage of revenues for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2013 : 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Quarter Ended 

&#160; 

Mar 31, 

&#160; 

Jun 30, 

&#160; 

Sep 30, 

&#160; 

Dec 31, 

&#160; 

Mar 31, 

&#160; 

Jun 30, 

&#160; 

Sep 30, 

&#160; 

Dec 31, 

Revenues: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Google (advertising and other) 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

92.9 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

86.6 

% 

&#160; 

89.5 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

92.7 

% 

&#160; 

92.9 

% 

&#160; 

92.4 

% 

&#160; 

93.2 

&#160;% 

Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

&#160; 

7.1 

&#160; 

13.4 

&#160; 

10.5 

&#160; 

7.3 

&#160; 

7.1 

&#160; 

7.6 

&#160; 

6.8 

Total revenues 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

% 

&#160; 

100.0 

&#160;% 

Costs and expenses: 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Cost of revenues - Google (advertising and other) 

35.6 

&#160; 

33.7 

&#160; 

33.4 

&#160; 

34.4 

&#160; 

36.8 

&#160; 

36.8 

&#160; 

36.3 

&#160; 

37.1 

Cost of revenues - Motorola Mobile (hardware and other) 

&#160; 

5.9 

&#160; 

11.3 

&#160; 

8.7 

&#160; 

5.7 

&#160; 

6.2 

&#160; 

6.7 

&#160; 

7.0 

Research and development 

13.5 

&#160; 

13.0 

&#160; 

14.1 

&#160; 

13.4 

&#160; 

13.2 

&#160; 

14.1 

&#160; 

13.5 

&#160; 

12.5 

Sales and marketing 

11.9 

&#160; 

12.0 

&#160; 

12.9 

&#160; 

12.2 

&#160; 

11.4 

&#160; 

12.3 

&#160; 

12.1 

&#160; 

12.6 

General and administrative 

7.2 

&#160; 

8.0 

&#160; 

7.7 

&#160; 

7.8 

&#160; 

8.0 

&#160; 

8.5 

&#160; 

8.3 

&#160; 

7.5 

Total costs and expenses 

68.2 

&#160; 

72.6 

&#160; 

79.4 

&#160; 

76.5 

&#160; 

75.1 

&#160; 

77.9 

&#160; 

76.9 

&#160; 

76.7 

Income from operations 

31.8 

&#160; 

27.4 

&#160; 

20.6 

&#160; 

23.5 

&#160; 

24.9 

&#160; 

22.1 

&#160; 

23.1 

&#160; 

23.3 

Interest and other income, net 

1.5 

&#160; 

2.1 

&#160; 

0.5 

&#160; 

1.1 

&#160; 

1.0 

&#160; 

1.8 

&#160; 

0.2 

&#160; 

0.7 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

33.3 

&#160; 

29.5 

&#160; 

21.1 

&#160; 

24.6 

&#160; 

25.9 

&#160; 

23.9 

&#160; 

23.3 

&#160; 

24.0 

Provision for income taxes 

6.2 

&#160; 

5.5 

&#160; 

4.9 

&#160; 

4.4 

&#160; 

2.1 

&#160; 

5.8 

&#160; 

3.4 

&#160; 

4.0 

Net income from continuing operations 

27.1 

% 

&#160; 

24.0 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

16.2 

% 

&#160; 

20.2 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

23.8 

% 

&#160; 

18.1 

% 

&#160; 

19.9 

% 

&#160; 

20.0 

&#160;% 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

% 

&#160; 

(0.4 

)% 

&#160; 

0.1 

% 

&#160; 

(0.2 

)% 

&#160; 

0.2 

% 

&#160; 

4.8 

% 

&#160; 

0.1 

% 

&#160; 

&#160;% 

Net income 

27.1 

% 

&#160; 

23.6 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

16.3 

% 

&#160; 

20.0 

&#160;% 

&#160; 

24.0 

% 

&#160; 

22.9 

% 

&#160; 

20.0 

% 

&#160; 

20.0 

&#160;% 

##TABLE_END

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2013 , we had $58.7 billion &#32;of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market and other funds, including cash collateral received related to our securities lending program, highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the U.S., corporate securities, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities. 

As of December 31, 2013 , $33.6 billion of the $58.7 billion &#32;of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was held by our foreign subsidiaries. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. However, our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. 

Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. At December 31, 2013 , we had unused letters of credit for approximately $173 million. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund any such acquisitions and licensing activities. Additional financing may not be available at all or on terms favorable to us. 

We have a debt financing program of up to $3.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2013 , we had $2.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding recorded as short-term debt, with a weighted-average interest rate of 0.1% that mature at various dates through June 2014. Average commercial paper borrowings during the year were $2.1 billion and the maximum amount outstanding during the year was $2.5 billion. In conjunction with this program, we have a $3.0 billion revolving credit facility expiring in July 2016. The interest rate for the credit facility is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. As of December 31, 2013 , we were in compliance with the financial covenant in the credit facility and no amounts were outstanding. 

In May 2011, we issued $3.0 billion of unsecured senior notes in three equal tranches, due in 2014, 2016, and 2021, with stated interest rates of 1.25%, 2.125%, and 3.625%. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. In May 2013, we reclassified the first tranche of $1.0 billion unsecured senior notes due in May 2014 as short-term debt. We plan to issue $1.0 billion of long-term debt when this note matures in 2014. As of December 31, 2013 , the total carrying value and estimated fair value of these notes were $3.0 billion and $3.1 billion. The estimated fair value was based on quoted prices for our publicly-traded debt as of December 31, 2013 . We are not subject to any financial covenants under the notes. 

In August 2013, we entered into a $258 million capital lease obligation on certain property expiring in 2028 with an option to purchase in 2016. The effective rate of the capital lease obligation approximates the market rate. The estimated fair value of the capital lease obligation approximated its carrying value at December 31, 2013. 

In summary, our cash flows are as follows (in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

$ 

14,565 

&#160; 

$ 

16,619 

&#160; 

$ 

18,659 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(19,041 

) 

&#160; 

(13,056 

) 

&#160; 

(13,679 

) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

&#160; 

1,229 

&#160; 

(857 

) 

##TABLE_END

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Our largest source of cash provided by operating cash flows is advertising revenues generated by Google websites and Google Network Members' websites. We also generate cash from the sale of our hardware products, primarily in the Motorola Mobile segment. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to our Google Network Members and distribution partners, which are based on the revenue share or fixed fee arrangements, as well as payments for manufacturing and inventory-related costs primarily for the Motorola Mobile segment. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, other general corporate expenditures and income taxes. 

Cash provided by operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, amortization, deferred income taxes, excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities, as well as the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2012 to 2013, primarily due to increased net income adjusted for gain on divestiture of businesses, depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment, stock-based compensation expense, and amortization of intangible assets. These increases were partially offset by the net decrease in cash from changes in working capital primarily as a result of a decrease in income taxes, an increase in accounts receivable and inventories, offset by an increase in accounts payable. 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2011 to 2012, primarily due to increased net income adjusted for gain on divestiture of businesses, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets. In addition, there was a net increase in cash from changes in working capital primarily driven by an increase in income taxes and a decrease in accounts receivable and inventories. These increases were partially offset by the net increase in prepaid and other assets and a decrease in accounts payable. 

As we expand our business internationally, we have offered payment terms to certain advertisers that are standard in their locales but longer than terms we would generally offer to our domestic advertisers. This may increase our working capital requirements and may have a negative effect on cash provided by our operating activities. 

Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash provided by or used in investing activities primarily consist of purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable securities, acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets, divestiture of businesses, and purchases of property and equipment. In addition, cash provided by or used in investing activities include our investments in reverse repurchase agreements and the cash collateral received or returned from our securities lending program. 

Cash used in investing activities increased from 2012 to 2013, primarily attributable to a net increase in purchases of marketable securities and an increase in capital expenditures primarily related to our production equipment, data centers, and real estate purchases. This increase was partially offset by lower spend related to acquisitions and an increase in proceeds received from divestiture of businesses. 

Cash used in investing activities decreased from 2011 to 2012, primarily attributable to a decrease in purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by a decrease in maturities and sales of marketable securities and an increase in spend related to acquisitions due to the purchase of Motorola in 2012. 

In order to manage expected increases in internet traffic, advertising transactions, and new products and services, and to support our overall global business expansion, we expect to make significant investments in production equipment, our systems, data centers, corporate facilities, and information technology infrastructure in 2014 and thereafter. However, the amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate on a quarterly basis. 

In addition, we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, our technologies, and our product and service offerings. 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Cash provided by or used in financing activities consists primarily of net proceeds or payments from issuance or repayments of short-term debt under our commercial paper program and net proceeds or payments and excess tax benefits from stock-based award activities. 

Cash used in financing activities increased from 2012 to 2013, primarily driven by an increase in net cash payments related to debt and, to a lesser extent, an increase in net payments for stock-based award activities. 

Cash provided by financing activities increased from 2011 to 2012, primarily driven by an increase in net cash proceeds received related to debt, partially offset by an increase in net payments for stock-based award activities. 

Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2013 &#32; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

Payments due by period 

&#160; 

Total 

&#160; 

Less than 

1 year 

&#160; 

1-3 

years 

&#160; 

3-5 

years 

&#160; 

More than 

5 years 

&#160; 

(in millions) 

Operating lease obligations, net of sublease income amounts 

$ 

4,038 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

1,836 

Purchase obligations and other 

3,293 

&#160; 

2,407 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Long-term debt obligations, including capital lease obligations 

3,601 

&#160; 

1,079 

&#160; 

1,358 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,091 

Other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total contractual obligations 

$ 

11,183 

&#160; 

$ 

4,099 

&#160; 

$ 

3,001 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

$ 

3,087 

##TABLE_END

Operating Leases 

We have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain of our offices, land, and data centers throughout the world with original lease periods expiring primarily between 2014 and 2063. We are committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under certain of these lease agreements. These operating expenses are not included in the above table. Certain of these leases have free or escalating rent payment provisions. We recognize rent expense under such leases on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Certain leases have adjustments for market provisions. 

Purchase Obligations 

Purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations at December 31, 2013 . These contracts are primarily related to certain of our distribution arrangements, video and other content licensing revenue sharing arrangements, data center operations and facility build-outs, as well as purchase of inventory. 

Long-term Debt Obligations 

Long-term debt obligations represent principal and interest payments to be made over the life of our unsecured senior notes issued in May 2011 and our capital lease obligation incurred in August 2013. Please see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 

Other Long-Term Liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities represent cash obligations recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities and consist primarily of payments owed in connection with certain investments and asset retirement obligations. 

In addition to the amounts above, we had long-term taxes payable of $2.7 billion as of December 31, 2013 &#32;related to tax positions for which the timing of the ultimate resolution is uncertain. At this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. As a result, this amount is not included in the above table. 

Off-Balance Sheet Entities 

As of December 31, 2013 , we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP.) In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. In some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. 

Income Taxes 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. 

Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income 

taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. 

Our effective tax rates have differed from the statutory rate primarily due to the tax impact of foreign operations, state taxes, certain benefits realized related to stock-based award activities, and research and development tax credits. The effective tax rates were 21.0%, 19.4%, and 15.7% for 2011 , 2012 , and 2013 . Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 

Loss Contingencies 

We are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, indirect taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is possible and a range of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the range of the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related ranges of possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding contingencies. 

Business Combinations 

We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. 

Critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology; and discount rates. Management&#8217;s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. 

Other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to benefit from the business combination. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill impairment tests require judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. As of December 31, 2013, no impairment of goodwill has been identified. 

Impairment of Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities 

We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. Factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. For marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as interest and other income, net. 

##TABLE_START 