 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We design, develop, manufacture, sell and lease high-performance fully electric vehicles and energy generation and storage systems, and offer services related to our products. We generally sell our products directly to customers, including through our website and retail locations. We also continue to grow our customer-facing infrastructure through a global network of vehicle service centers, Mobile Service technicians, body shops, Supercharger stations and Destination Chargers to accelerate the widespread adoption of our products. We emphasize performance, attractive styling and the safety of our users and workforce in the design and manufacture of our products and are continuing to develop full self-driving technology for improved safety. We also strive to lower the cost of ownership for our customers through continuous efforts to reduce manufacturing costs and by offering financial and other services tailored to our products. Our mission to accelerate the world&#8217;s transition to sustainable energy, engineering expertise, vertically integrated business model and focus on user experience differentiate us from other companies. 

Segment Information 

We operate as two reportable segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation and storage. 

The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of electric vehicles as well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. Additionally, the automotive segment is also comprised of services and other, which includes non-warranty after-sales vehicle services, sales of used vehicles, retail merchandise, sales by our acquired subsidiaries to third party customers and vehicle insurance revenue. The energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products and related services and sales of solar energy systems incentives. 

Our Products and Services 

Automotive 

Model 3 

Model 3 is a four-door mid-size sedan that we designed for manufacturability with a base price for mass-market appeal. We currently manufacture Model 3 at the Fremont Factory and at Gigafactory Shanghai. 

Model Y 

Model Y is a compact sport utility vehicle (&#8220;SUV&#8221;) built on the Model 3 platform with seating for up to seven adults. We currently manufacture Model Y at the Fremont Factory and at Gigafactory Shanghai. 

Model S and Model X 

Model S is a four-door full-size sedan and Model X is a mid-size SUV with seating for up to seven adults. Model S and Model X feature the highest performance characteristics and longest ranges that we offer in a sedan and SUV, respectively, and we manufacture both models at the Fremont Factory. In 2021, we began delivering new versions of the Model S and Model X, which offer higher performance and range. 

Future Consumer and Commercial Electric Vehicles 

We have also announced several planned electric vehicles to address additional vehicle markets, including specialized consumer electric vehicles in Cybertruck and the new Tesla Roadster and a commercial electric vehicle in Tesla Semi. We plan to continue leveraging developments in our proprietary Full Self-Driving (&#8220;FSD&#8221;), battery cell and other technologies. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

Energy Storage Products 

Powerwall and Megapack are our lithium-ion battery energy storage products. Powerwall is designed to store energy at a home or small commercial facility. Megapack is an energy storage solution for commercial, industrial, utility and energy generation customers, multiple of which may be grouped together to form larger installations of gigawatt hours (&#8220;GWh&#8221;) or greater capacity. 

We also continue to develop software capabilities for remotely controlling and dispatching our energy storage systems across a wide range of markets and applications, including through our real-time energy control and optimization platforms. 

&#160; 

Solar Energy Offerings 

We sell retrofit solar energy systems to customers and channel partners and also make them available through power purchase agreement (&#8220;PPA&#8221;) arrangements. We purchase most of the components for our retrofit solar energy systems from multiple sources to ensure competitive pricing and adequate supply. We also design and manufacture certain components for our solar energy products. 

We sell our Solar Roof, which combines premium glass roof tiles with energy generation, directly to customers, as well as through channel customers. We continue to improve our installation capability and efficiency, including through collaboration with real estate developers and builders on new homes. 

Technology 

Automotive 

Battery and Powertrain 

Our core vehicle technology competencies include powertrain engineering and manufacturing and our ability to design vehicles that utilize the unique advantages of an electric powertrain. We have designed our proprietary powertrain systems to be adaptable, efficient, reliable and cost-effective while withstanding the rigors of an automotive environment. We offer dual motor powertrain vehicles, which use two electric motors to maximize traction and performance in an all-wheel drive configuration, as well as vehicle powertrain technology featuring three electric motors for further increased performance in certain versions of Model S and Model X. 

Among other things, we maintain extensive testing and R&#38;D capabilities for battery cells, packs and systems, and have built an expansive body of knowledge on lithium-ion cell chemistry types and performance characteristics. In order to enable a greater supply of cells for our products with higher energy density at lower costs, we are currently using our expertise to develop a new proprietary lithium-ion battery cell and improved manufacturing processes. 

Vehicle Control and Infotainment Software 

The performance and safety systems of our vehicles and their battery packs require sophisticated control software. Control systems in our vehicles optimize performance, customize vehicle behavior, manage charging and control all infotainment functions. We develop almost all of this software, including most of the user interfaces, internally and update our vehicles&#8217; software regularly through over-the-air updates. 

Self-Driving Development 

We have expertise in developing technologies, systems and software to enable self-driving vehicles using primarily vision-based sensors. Our FSD Computer runs our neural networks in our vehicles, and we are also developing additional computer hardware to better enable the massive amounts of field data captured by our vehicles to continually train and improve these neural networks for real-world performance. 

Currently, we offer in our vehicles certain advanced driver assist systems under our Autopilot and FSD options. Although at present the driver is ultimately responsible for controlling the vehicle, our systems provide safety and convenience functionality that relieves drivers of the most tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel much like the system that airplane pilots use, when conditions permit. As with other vehicle systems, we improve these functions in our vehicles over time through over-the-air updates. 

We intend to establish in the future an autonomous Tesla ride-hailing network, which we expect would also allow us to access a new customer base even as modes of transportation evolve. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

Energy Storage Products 

We leverage many of the component-level technologies from our vehicles in our energy storage products. By taking a modular approach to the design of battery systems, we can optimize manufacturing capacity of our energy storage products. Additionally, our expertise in power electronics enables our battery systems to interconnect with electricity grids while providing fast-acting systems for power injection and absorption. We have also developed software to remotely control and dispatch our energy storage systems. 

Solar Energy Systems 

We have engineered Solar Roof over numerous iterations to combine aesthetic appeal and durability with power generation. The efficiency of our solar energy products is aided by our own solar inverter, which also incorporates our power electronics technologies. We designed both products to integrate with Powerwall. 

&#160; 

Design and Engineering 

Automotive 

We have established significant in-house capabilities in the design and test engineering of electric vehicles and their components and systems. Our team has core competencies in computer aided design as well as durability, strength and crash test simulations, which reduces the product development time of new models. Additionally, our team has expertise in selecting and working with a range of materials for our vehicles to balance performance, cost and durability in ways that are best suited for our vehicles&#8217; target demographics and utility. We have also used our capabilities to achieve complex engineering feats in stamping, casting and thermal systems, and are currently developing designs that integrate batteries directly with vehicle body structures without separate battery packs to optimize manufacturability, weight, range and cost characteristics. 

We are also expanding our manufacturing operations globally while taking action to localize our vehicle designs and production for particular markets, including country-specific market demands and factory optimizations for local workforces. As we increase our capabilities, particularly in the areas of automation, die-making and line-building, we are also making strides in the simulations modeling these capabilities prior to construction. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

Our expertise in electrical, mechanical, civil and software engineering allows us to design and manufacture our energy generation and storage products and components. We also employ our design and engineering expertise to customize solutions including our energy storage products, solar energy systems and/or Solar Roof for customers to meet their specific needs. We have developed software that simplifies and expedites the design process, as well as mounting hardware that facilitates solar panel installation. 

Sales and Marketing 

Historically, we have been able to generate significant media coverage of our company and our products, and we believe we will continue to do so. Such media coverage and word of mouth are the current primary drivers of our sales leads and have helped us achieve sales without traditional advertising and at relatively low marketing costs. 

Automotive 

Direct Sales 

Our vehicle sales channels currently include our website and an international network of company-owned stores. In some jurisdictions, we also have galleries to educate and inform customers about our products, but such locations do not actually transact in the sale of vehicles. We believe this infrastructure enables us to better control costs of inventory, manage warranty service and pricing, educate consumers about electric vehicles, maintain and strengthen the Tesla brand and obtain rapid customer feedback. 

We reevaluate our sales strategy both globally and at a location-by-location level from time to time to optimize our current sales channels. Sales of vehicles in the automobile industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to volatility from time to time. 

Used Vehicle Sales 

Our used vehicle business supports new vehicle sales by integrating the trade-in of a customer&#8217;s existing Tesla or non-Tesla vehicle with the sale of a new or used Tesla vehicle. The Tesla and non-Tesla vehicles we acquire as trade-ins are subsequently remarketed, either directly by us or through third parties. We also remarket used Tesla vehicles acquired from other sources including lease returns. 

Public Charging 

We have a growing global network of Tesla Superchargers, which are our industrial grade, high-speed vehicle chargers. Where possible, we co-locate Superchargers with our solar and energy storage systems to reduce costs and promote renewable power. Supercharger stations are typically placed along well-traveled routes and in and around dense city centers to allow vehicle owners the ability to enjoy quick, reliable and ubiquitous charging with convenient, minimal stops. Use of the Supercharger network either requires payment of a fee or is free under certain sales programs. 

We also work with a wide variety of hospitality, retail and public destinations, as well as businesses with commuting employees, to offer additional charging options for our customers. These Destination Charging and workplace locations deploy Tesla Wall Connectors to provide charging to Tesla vehicle owners who patronize or are employed at their businesses. We also work with single-family homeowners and multi-family residential entities to deploy home charging solutions. 

&#160; 

In-App Upgrades 

As our vehicles are capable of being updated remotely over-the-air, our customers may purchase additional paid options and features through the Tesla app or through the in-vehicle user interface. We expect that this functionality will also allow us to offer certain options and features on a subscription basis in the future. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

We market and sell our solar and energy storage products to residential, commercial and industrial customers and utilities through a variety of channels. We emphasize simplicity, standardization and accessibility to make it easy and cost-effective for customers to adopt clean energy, while reducing our customer acquisition costs. 

In the U.S., we offer residential solar and energy storage products directly through our website, stores and galleries, as well as through our network of channel partners. Outside of the U.S., we use our international sales organization and a network of channel partners to market and sell these products for the residential market. We also sell Powerwall directly to utilities. In the case of products sold to utilities or channel partners, such partners typically sell the product to residential customers and manage the installation in customer homes. 

We sell our commercial and utility-scale energy storage systems to customers through our U.S. and international sales organization and our channel partner network. In certain jurisdictions, we also sell installed solar energy systems (with or without energy storage) to commercial customers through PPA transactions. 

Service and Warranty 

Automotive 

Service 

We provide service for our electric vehicles at our company-owned service locations and through Tesla Mobile Service technicians who perform work remotely at customers&#8217; homes or other locations. Performing vehicle service ourselves provides us with the capability to identify problems and implement solutions and improvements faster, and optimize logistics and inventory better, than traditional automobile manufacturers and their dealer networks. The connectivity of our vehicles also allows us to diagnose and remedy many problems remotely and proactively. 

Vehicle Limited Warranties and Extended Service Plans 

We provide a manufacturer&#8217;s limited warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell, which may include separate limited warranties on certain components, specific types of damage or battery capacity retention. We also currently offer extended service plans that provide coverage beyond the new vehicle limited warranties for certain models in specified regions. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

We provide service and repairs to our energy product customers, including under warranty where applicable. We generally provide manufacturer&#8217;s limited warranties with our energy storage product and offer certain extended limited warranties that are available at the time of purchase of the system. If we install a system, we also provide certain limited warranties on our installation workmanship. As part of our energy storage system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that commit that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy performance requirements specified in the contract. 

For retrofit solar energy systems, we provide separate limited warranties for workmanship and against roof leaks, and for Solar Roof, we also provide limited warranties for defects and weatherization. For components not manufactured by us, we generally pass-through the applicable manufacturers&#8217; warranties. As part of our solar energy system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that commit that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation requirements specified in the contract. 

Financial Services 

Automotive 

Purchase Financing and Leases 

We offer leasing and/or loan financing arrangements for our vehicles in certain jurisdictions in North America, Europe and Asia ourselves and through various financial institutions. Under certain of such programs, we have provided resale value guarantees or buyback guarantees that may obligate us to repurchase the subject vehicles at pre-determined values. 

&#160; 

Insurance 

In August 2019, we launched an insurance product designed for our customers in California. In 2021, we launched our insurance product using real-time driving behavior in select states, which offers rates that are often better than other alternatives and promotes safer driving. Our insurance products are currently available in Arizona, California, Illinois, Ohio and Texas and we plan to expand the markets in which we offer insurance products, as part of our ongoing effort to decrease the total cost of ownership for our customers. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

We currently offer certain loan and PPA options to residential or commercial customers who pair energy storage systems with solar energy systems. We offer certain financing options to our solar customers, which enable the customer to purchase and own a solar energy system, Solar Roof or integrated solar and Powerwall system. Our solar PPAs, offered to commercial customers, charges a fee per kilowatt-hour based on the amount of electricity produced by our solar energy systems. 

Manufacturing 

Manufacturing Facilities in the Bay Area, California 

We manufacture and test our vehicles at our manufacturing facilities in the Bay Area in California, including the Fremont Factory and other local manufacturing facilities. We also manufacture and develop certain parts and components that are critical to our intellectual property and quality standards, such as Model S and Model X battery packs and our proprietary lithium-ion battery cells, at these locations. 

Gigafactory Nevada near Reno, Nevada 

Our battery material, cell, module and battery pack production for Model 3, Model Y and our energy products are manufactured in one location at Gigafactory Nevada. In addition, we manufacture vehicle drive units and energy storage components there. Gigafactory Nevada allows us to access high volumes of lithium-ion battery cells manufactured by our partner Panasonic there while achieving a significant reduction in the cost of our battery packs. We continue to invest in Gigafactory Nevada to achieve additional output there. 

Gigafactory New York in Buffalo, New York 

We use Gigafactory New York for the development and production of our Solar Roof and other solar products and components, energy storage components and Supercharger components and for other functions. 

Gigafactory Shanghai in China 

We established Gigafactory Shanghai to increase the affordability of our vehicles for customers in local markets by reducing transportation and manufacturing costs and eliminating the impact of unfavorable tariffs. We continue to increase the degree of localized procurement and manufacturing there. Gigafactory Shanghai is representative of our plan to iteratively improve our manufacturing operations as we establish new factories, as we implemented the learnings from our Model 3 and Model Y ramp at the Fremont Factory to commence and ramp our production at Gigafactory Shanghai quickly and cost-effectively. 

Other Manufacturing 

Generally, we continue to expand production capacity at our existing facilities. We also intend to further increase cost-competitiveness in our significant markets by strategically adding local manufacturing, including at Gigafactory Berlin in Germany and Gigafactory Texas in Austin, Texas, which will begin production in 2022. 

Supply Chain 

Our products use thousands of purchased parts that are sourced from hundreds of suppliers across the world. We have developed close relationships with vendors of key parts such as battery cells, electronics and complex vehicle assemblies. Certain components purchased from these suppliers are shared or are similar across many product lines, allowing us to take advantage of pricing efficiencies from economies of scale. 

As is the case for most automotive companies, most of our procured components and systems are sourced from single suppliers. Where multiple sources are available for certain key components, we work to qualify multiple suppliers for them where it is sensible to do so in order to minimize production risks owing to disruptions in their supply. We also mitigate risk by maintaining safety stock for key parts and assemblies and die banks for components with lengthy procurement lead times. 

&#160; 

Our products use various raw materials including aluminum, steel, cobalt, lithium, nickel and copper. Pricing for these materials is governed by market conditions and may fluctuate due to various factors outside of our control, such as supply and demand and market speculation. We strive to execute long-term supply contracts for such materials at competitive pricing when feasible, and we currently believe that we have adequate access to raw materials supplies in order to meet the needs of our operations. 

Governmental Programs, Incentives and Regulations 

Globally, both the operation of our business by us and the ownership of our products by our customers are impacted by various government programs, incentives and other arrangements. Our business and products are also subject to numerous governmental regulations that vary among jurisdictions. 

Programs and Incentives 

California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority Tax Incentives 

We have agreements with the California Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority that provide multi-year sales tax exclusions on purchases of manufacturing equipment that will be used for specific purposes, including the expansion and ongoing development of electric vehicles and powertrain production in California, thus reducing our cost basis in the related assets in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Gigafactory Nevada&#8212;Nevada Tax Incentives 

In connection with the construction of Gigafactory Nevada, we entered into agreements with the State of Nevada and Storey County in Nevada that provide abatements for specified taxes, discounts to the base tariff energy rates and transferable tax credits in consideration of capital investment and hiring targets that were met at Gigafactory Nevada. These incentives are available until June 2024 or June 2034, depending on the incentive and primarily offset related costs in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Gigafactory New York&#8212;New York State Investment and Lease 

We have a lease through the Research Foundation for the State University of New York (the &#8220;SUNY Foundation&#8221;) with respect to Gigafactory New York. Under the lease and a related research and development agreement, we are continuing to designate further buildouts at the facility. We are required to comply with certain covenants, including hiring and cumulative investment targets. This incentive offsets the related lease costs of the facility in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As we temporarily suspended most of our manufacturing operations at Gigafactory New York pursuant to a New York State executive order issued in March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were granted a deferral of our obligation to be compliant with our applicable targets through December 31, 2021 in an amendment memorialized in August 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we are in excess of such targets relating to investments and personnel in the State of New York and Buffalo. 

Gigafactory Shanghai&#8212;Land Use Rights and Economic Benefits 

We have an agreement with the local government of Shanghai for land use rights at Gigafactory Shanghai. Under the terms of the arrangement, we are required to meet a cumulative capital expenditure target and an annual tax revenue target starting at the end of 2023. In addition, the Shanghai government has granted to our Gigafactory Shanghai subsidiary certain incentives to be used in connection with eligible capital investments at Gigafactory Shanghai. These incentives offset the related costs of our facilities in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Finally, the Shanghai government granted a beneficial corporate income tax rate of 15% to certain eligible enterprises, which is lower than the 25% statutory corporate income tax rate in China. Our Gigafactory Shanghai subsidiary was granted this lower rate for 2019 through 2023. This lower tax rate reduces the income tax provision in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Gigafactory Texas &#8211; Tax Incentives 

In connection with the construction of Gigafactory Texas, we entered into a 20-year agreement with Travis County in Texas pursuant to which we would receive grant funding equal to 70-80% of property taxes paid by us to Travis County and a separate 10-year agreement with the Del Valle Independent School District in Texas pursuant to which a portion of the taxable value of our property would be capped at a specified amount, in each case subject to our meeting certain minimum economic development metrics through our construction and operations at Gigafactory Texas. These incentives will offset the related costs in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

&#160; 

Automotive Regulatory Credits 

We earn tradable credits in the operation of our business under various regulations related to zero-emission vehicles (&#8220;ZEVs&#8221;), greenhouse gas, fuel economy and clean fuel. We sell these credits to other regulated entities who can use the credits to comply with emission standards and other regulatory requirements. Sales of these credits are recognized within automotive regulatory credits revenue in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Energy Storage System Incentives and Policies 

While the regulatory regime for energy storage projects is still under development, there are various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms at the federal, state and local levels that support the adoption of energy storage. 

For example, energy storage systems that are charged using solar energy may be eligible for the solar energy-related U.S. federal tax credits described below. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (&#8220;FERC&#8221;) has also taken steps to enable the participation of energy storage in wholesale energy markets. In addition, California and a number of other states have adopted procurement targets for energy storage, and behind-the-meter energy storage systems qualify for funding under the California Self Generation Incentive Program. Our customers primarily benefit directly under these programs. In certain instances our customers may transfer such credits to us as contract consideration. In such transactions they are included as a component of energy generation and storage revenues in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Solar Energy System Incentives and Policies 

U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various policies, incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives include tax credits, cash grants, tax abatements and rebates. 

In particular, Sections 48 and 25D of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code currently provide a tax credit of 26% of qualified commercial or residential expenditures for solar energy systems, which may be claimed by our customers for systems they purchase, or by us for arrangements where we own the systems. These tax credits are primarily for the direct benefit of our customers and are currently scheduled to decline and/or expire in 2023 and beyond. 

Regulations 

Vehicle Safety and Testing 

In the U.S., our vehicles are subject to regulation by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (&#8220;NHTSA&#8221;), including all applicable Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (&#8220;FMVSS&#8221;) and the NHTSA bumper standard. Numerous FMVSS apply to our vehicles, such as crash-worthiness and occupant protection requirements. While our current vehicles fully comply and we expect that our vehicles in the future will fully comply with all applicable FMVSS with limited or no exemptions, FMVSS are subject to change from time to time. As a manufacturer, we must self-certify that our vehicles meet all applicable FMVSS and the NHTSA bumper standard, or otherwise are exempt, before the vehicles may be imported or sold in the U.S. 

We are also required to comply with other federal laws administered by NHTSA, including the CAFE standards, Theft Prevention Act requirements, labeling requirements and other information provided to customers in writing, Early Warning Reporting requirements regarding warranty claims, field reports, death and injury reports and foreign recalls and additional requirements for cooperating with compliance and safety investigations and recall reporting. The U.S. Automobile Information and Disclosure Act also requires manufacturers of motor vehicles to disclose certain information regarding the manufacturer&#8217;s suggested retail price, optional equipment and pricing. In addition, federal law requires inclusion of fuel economy ratings, as determined by the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency (the &#8220;EPA&#8221;), and New Car Assessment Program ratings as determined by NHTSA, if available. 

Our vehicles sold outside of the U.S. are subject to similar foreign compliance, safety, environmental and other regulations. Many of those regulations are different from those applicable in the U.S. and may require redesign and/or retesting. Some of those regulations impact or prevent the rollout of new vehicle features. Additionally, the European Union established new rules regarding additional compliance oversight that commenced in 2020. 

Self-Driving Vehicles 

Generally, laws pertaining to self-driving vehicles are evolving globally, and in some cases may create restrictions on features that we develop. While there are currently no federal U.S. regulations specifically pertaining to self-driving vehicles or self-driving equipment, NHTSA has published recommended guidelines on self-driving vehicles, and retains the authority to investigate and/or take action on the safety of any vehicle, equipment or features operating on public roads. Certain U.S. states also have legal restrictions on the operation, registration or licensure of self-driving vehicles, and many other states are considering them. This regulatory patchwork increases the legal complexity with respect to self-driving vehicles in the U.S. 

&#160; 

In markets that follow the regulations of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, some requirements restrict the design of advanced driver-assistance or self-driving features, which can compromise or prevent their use entirely. Other applicable laws, both current and proposed, may hinder the path and timeline to introducing self-driving vehicles for sale and use in the markets where they apply. 

Other key markets, including China, continue to consider self-driving regulation. Any implemented regulations may differ materially from those in the U.S. and Europe, which may further increase the legal complexity of self-driving vehicles and limit or prevent certain features. 

Automobile Manufacturer and Dealer Regulation 

In the U.S., state laws regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale and service of automobiles, and generally require motor vehicle manufacturers and dealers to be licensed in order to sell vehicles directly to residents. Certain states have asserted that the laws in such states do not permit automobile manufacturers to be licensed as dealers or to act in the capacity of a dealer, or that they otherwise restrict a manufacturer&#8217;s ability to deliver or service vehicles. To sell vehicles to residents of states where we are not licensed as a dealer, we generally conduct the sale out of the state. In certain such states, we have opened &#8220;galleries&#8221; that serve an educational purpose and where the title transfer may not occur. 

Some automobile dealer trade associations have both challenged the legality of our operations in court and used administrative and legislative processes to attempt to prohibit or limit our ability to operate existing stores or expand to new locations. Certain dealer associations have also actively lobbied state licensing agencies and legislators to interpret existing laws or enact new laws in ways not favorable to our ownership and operation of our own retail and service locations. We expect such challenges to continue, and we intend to actively fight any such efforts. 

Battery Safety and Testing 

Our battery packs are subject to various U.S. and international regulations that govern transport of &#8220;dangerous goods,&#8221; defined to include lithium-ion batteries, which may present a risk in transportation. We conduct testing to demonstrate our compliance with such regulations. 

We use lithium-ion cells in our high voltage battery packs in our vehicles and energy storage products. The use, storage and disposal of our battery packs are regulated under existing laws and are the subject of ongoing regulatory changes that may add additional requirements in the future. We have agreements with third party battery recycling companies to recycle our battery packs and we are also piloting our own recycling technology. 

Solar Energy&#8212;General 

We are subject to certain state and federal regulations applicable to solar and battery storage providers and sellers of electricity. To operate our systems, we enter into standard interconnection agreements with applicable utilities. Sales of electricity and non-sale equipment leases by third parties, such as our leases and PPAs, have faced regulatory challenges in some states and jurisdictions. 

Solar Energy&#8212;Net Metering 

Most states in the U.S. make net energy metering, or net metering, available to solar customers. Net metering typically allows solar customers to interconnect their solar energy systems to the utility grid and offset their utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit for excess energy generated by their solar energy system that is exported to the grid. In certain jurisdictions, regulators or utilities have reduced or eliminated the benefit available under net metering or have proposed to do so. 

Competition 

Automotive 

The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive and we expect it will become even more competitive in the future as we introduce additional vehicles in a broader cross-section of the passenger and commercial vehicle market and expand our vehicles&#8217; capabilities. 

&#160; 

We believe that our vehicles compete in the market both based on their traditional segment classification as well as based on their propulsion technology. For example, Model S and Model X compete primarily with premium sedans and premium SUVs and Model 3 and Model Y compete with small to medium-sized sedans and compact SUVs, which are extremely competitive markets. Competing products typically include internal combustion vehicles from more established automobile manufacturers; however, many established and new automobile manufacturers have entered or have announced plans to enter the market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles. Overall, we believe these announcements and vehicle introductions, including the introduction of electric vehicles into rental car company fleets, promote the development of the electric vehicle market by highlighting the attractiveness of electric vehicles relative to the internal combustion vehicle. Many major automobile manufacturers have electric vehicles available today in major markets including the U.S., China and Europe, and other current and prospective automobile manufacturers are also developing electric vehicles. In addition, several manufacturers offer hybrid vehicles, including plug-in versions. 

We also believe that there is increasing competition for our vehicle offerings as a platform for delivering self-driving technologies, charging solutions and other features and services, and we expect to compete in this developing market through continued progress on our Autopilot, FSD and neural network capabilities, Supercharger network and our infotainment offerings. 

Energy Generation and Storage 

Energy Storage Systems 

The market for energy storage products is also highly competitive, and both established and emerging companies have introduced products that are similar to our product portfolio or that are alternatives to the elements of our systems. We compete with these companies based on price, energy density and efficiency. We believe that the specifications and features of our products, our strong brand and the modular, scalable nature of our energy storage products give us a competitive advantage in our markets. 

Solar Energy Systems 

The primary competitors to our solar energy business are the traditional local utility companies that supply energy to our potential customers. We compete with these traditional utility companies primarily based on price and the ease by which customers can switch to electricity generated by our solar energy systems. We also compete with solar energy companies that provide products and services similar to ours. Many solar energy companies only install solar energy systems, while others only provide financing for these installations. We believe we have a significant expansion opportunity with our offerings and that the regulatory environment is increasingly conducive to the adoption of renewable energy systems. 

Intellectual Property 

We place a strong emphasis on our innovative approach and proprietary designs which bring intrinsic value and uniqueness to our product portfolio. As part of our business, we seek to protect the underlying intellectual property rights of these innovations and designs such as with respect to patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other measures, including through employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and other contractual arrangements. For example, we place a high priority on obtaining patents to provide the broadest and strongest possible protection to enable our freedom to operate our innovations and designs within our products and technologies in the electric vehicle market as well as to protect and defend our product portfolio. We have also adopted a patent policy in which we irrevocably pledged that we will not initiate a lawsuit against any party for infringing our patents through activity relating to electric vehicles or related equipment for so long as such party is acting in good faith. We made this pledge in order to encourage the advancement of a common, rapidly-evolving platform for electric vehicles, thereby benefiting ourselves, other companies making electric vehicles and the world. 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and Human Capital Resources 

ESG 

The very purpose of Tesla's existence is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We believe the world cannot reduce carbon emissions without addressing both energy generation and consumption, and we are designing and manufacturing a complete energy and transportation ecosystem to achieve this goal. As we expand, we are building each new factory to be more efficient and sustainably designed than the previous one, including with respect to waste reduction and water usage, and we are focused on reducing the carbon footprint of our supply chain. 

We are committed to only sourcing responsibly produced materials, and our suppliers are required to provide evidence of management systems that ensure social, environmental and sustainability best practices in their own operations, as well as to demonstrate a commitment to responsible sourcing into their supply chains. We have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to child or forced labor and human trafficking by our suppliers and we look to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Due Diligence Guidelines to inform our process and use feedback from our internal and external stakeholders to find ways to continually improve. We are also driving safety in our own factories by focusing on worker engagement. As our production volumes increase, our incidents per vehicle continue to drop. 

&#160; 

We believe that sound corporate governance is critical to helping us achieve our goals, including with respect to ESG. We continue to evolve a governance framework that exercises appropriate oversight of responsibilities at all levels throughout the company and manages its affairs consistent with high principles of business ethics. Our ESG Sustainability Council is made up of leaders from across our company, and regularly presents to our Board of Directors, which oversees our ESG impacts, initiatives and priorities. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2021, our full-time count for our and our subsidiaries&#8217; employees worldwide was 99,290. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages as a result of labor disputes, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Our key human capital objectives in managing our business include attracting, developing and retaining top talent while integrating diversity, equity and inclusion principles and practices into our core values. 

We want to attract a pool of diverse and exceptional candidates and support their career growth once they become employees. Our efforts begin at the entry level with development, apprenticeship and internship programs in local high schools, community colleges and four-year colleges. In addition, we seek to hire based on talent rather than solely on educational pedigree, and have provided thousands of job openings, including in our local communities, for capable workers from various backgrounds to learn valuable skills in critical operations such as in manufacturing, vehicle service and energy product installation. We also emphasize in our evaluation and career development efforts internal mobility opportunities for employees to drive professional development. Our goal is a long-term, upward-bound career at Tesla for every employee, which we believe also drives our retention efforts. 

Our ability to retain our talented workforce is correlated to our compensation practices and culture of open communication. We provide a highly competitive wage that meets or exceeds that of comparable manufacturing roles, even before equity and benefits are factored in. In addition, the majority of our employees have the opportunity to receive additional Tesla equity each year based on their performance. We continue to review salary and wages against benchmarks and adjust to ensure wages are competitive, and have instituted a robust process for ensuring pay equity across our organization. In addition, we provide a comprehensive range of benefits options, including no-cost paycheck contributions for medical, dental and vision plan options for employees and family members. 

Our employees have the right to freely discuss their wages, benefits and terms and conditions of employment and to raise complaints internally and externally. We encourage our employees to bring any concerns or complaints they have to any member of management, and any employee who is subjected to, a witness or has knowledge of any conduct that violates Tesla policies is asked to immediately report the conduct. Our employees can report concerns to their supervisor or human resources partner, as well as an integrity line to report concerns anonymously and without fear of retaliation that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Concerns are reviewed in accordance with established protocols by investigators with expertise, who also periodically review for trends and outcomes for remediation and appropriate controls. Tesla provides employee training on workplace conduct at least annually and in 2021 implemented a campaign to re-highlight different reporting mechanisms available to employees. 

We also believe that our ability to retain our workforce is dependent on our ability to foster an environment that is sustainably safe, respectful, fair and inclusive of everyone and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion inside and outside of our business. From our outreach to Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions to sponsoring employee resource groups across numerous locations, including Asian Pacific Islanders at Tesla, Black at Tesla, Intersectionality, Latinos at Tesla, LGBTQ at Tesla, Veterans at Tesla and Women in Tesla, we engage these networks as key business resources and sources of actionable feedback. We are also working on diversity efforts in our supply chain to expand our outreach and support to small- and large-scale suppliers from underrepresented communities to emphasize this culture with our own employees. 

Available Information 

We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our website is located at www.tesla.com , and our reports, amendments thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website at ir.tesla.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

&#160; 

&#160; 



 ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business 

We may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions resulting from the global COVID-19 pandemic. 

Since the first quarter of 2020, there has been a worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. Government regulations and shifting social behaviors have limited or closed non-essential transportation, government functions, business activities and person-to-person interactions. In some cases, the relaxation of such trends has been followed by actual or contemplated returns to stringent restrictions on gatherings or commerce, including in parts of the U.S., and the rest of the world. 

During 2020, we temporarily suspended operations at each of our manufacturing facilities worldwide, and certain of our suppliers also shut down operations temporarily or permanently, including during the recently re-imposed lockdowns in certain parts of the world. We instituted temporary employee furloughs and compensation reductions while our U.S. operations were scaled back. Temporary impediments to administrative activities supporting our operations also hampered our product deliveries and deployments. 

Global trade conditions and consumer trends that originated during the pandemic continue to persist and may also have long-lasting adverse impact on us and our industries independently of the progress of the pandemic. For example, pandemic-related issues have exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses to expedite delivery of critical parts. Similarly, increased demand for personal electronics has created a shortfall of semiconductors, which has caused challenges in our supply chain and production. In addition, labor shortages resulting from the pandemic, including worker absenteeism, may lead to increased difficulty in hiring and retaining manufacturing and service workers, as well as increased labor costs. Sustaining our production trajectory will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce and government cooperation, including for travel and visa allowances. The contingencies inherent in the construction of, and ramp at, new facilities such as Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas may be exacerbated by these challenges. 

We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

We may experience delays in launching and ramping the production of our products and features, or we may be unable to control our manufacturing costs. 

We have previously experienced and may in the future experience launch and production ramp delays for new products and features. For example, we encountered unanticipated supplier issues that led to delays during the initial ramp of our first Model X and experienced challenges with a supplier and with ramping full automation for certain of our initial Model 3 manufacturing processes. In addition, we may introduce in the future new or unique manufacturing processes and design features for our products. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely introduce and scale such processes or features. 

In particular, our future business depends in large part on increasing the production of mass-market vehicles including Model 3 and Model Y, which we are planning to achieve through multiple factories worldwide. We have relatively limited experience to date in manufacturing Model 3 and Model Y at high volumes and even less experience building and ramping vehicle production lines across multiple factories in different geographies. In order to be successful, we will need to implement, maintain and ramp efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes and supply chains and achieve the design tolerances, high quality and output rates we have planned at our manufacturing facilities in California, Nevada, Texas, China and Germany. We will also need to hire, train and compensate skilled employees to operate these facilities. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges such as those we experienced in the past may arise during our production ramps, and we must address them promptly while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. If we are not successful in achieving these goals, we could face delays in establishing and/or sustaining our Model 3 and Model Y ramps or be unable to meet our related cost and profitability targets. 

We may also experience similar future delays in launching and/or ramping production of our energy storage products and Solar Roof; new product versions or variants such as the recently updated Model S and Model X; new vehicles such as Tesla Semi, Cybertruck and the new Tesla Roadster; and future features and services based on artificial intelligence, such as new Autopilot or FSD 

&#160; 

functionalities, the autonomous Tesla ride-hailing network and robotics. Likewise, we may encounter delays with the design, construction and regulatory or other approvals necessary to build and bring online future manufacturing facilities and products. 

Any delay or other complication in ramping the production of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch and production ramp of our future products, features and services, or in doing so cost-effectively and with high quality, may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We may be unable to grow our global product sales, delivery and installation capabilities and our servicing and vehicle charging networks, or we may be unable to accurately project and effectively manage our growth. 

Our success will depend on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities. We are targeting with Model 3 and Model Y a global mass demographic with a broad range of potential customers, in which we have relatively limited experience projecting demand and pricing our products. We currently produce numerous international variants at a limited number of factories, and if our specific demand expectations for these variants prove inaccurate, we may not be able to timely generate deliveries matched to the vehicles that we produce in the same timeframe or that are commensurate with the size of our operations in a given region. Likewise, as we develop and grow our energy products and services worldwide, our success will depend on our ability to correctly forecast demand in various markets. 

Because we do not have independent dealer networks, we are responsible for delivering all of our vehicles to our customers. We may face difficulties with deliveries at increasing volumes, particularly in international markets requiring significant transit times. For example, we saw challenges in ramping our logistics channels in China and Europe to initially deliver Model 3 there in the first quarter of 2019. We have deployed a number of delivery models, such as deliveries to customers&#8217; homes and workplaces and touchless deliveries, but there is no guarantee that such models will be scalable or be accepted globally. Likewise, as we ramp our energy products, we are working to substantially increase our production and installation capabilities. If we experience production delays or inaccurately forecast demand, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

Moreover, because of our unique expertise with our vehicles, we recommend that our vehicles be serviced by us or by certain authorized professionals. If we experience delays in adding servicing capacity or servicing our vehicles efficiently, or experience unforeseen issues with the reliability of our vehicles, particularly higher-volume and relatively newer additions to our fleet such as Model 3 and Model Y, it could overburden our servicing capabilities and parts inventory. Similarly, the increasing number of Tesla vehicles also requires us to continue to rapidly increase the number of our Supercharger stations and connectors throughout the world. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to ramp our business to meet our sales, delivery, installation, servicing and vehicle charging targets globally, that our projections on which such targets are based will prove accurate or that the pace of growth or coverage of our customer infrastructure network will meet customer expectations. These plans require significant cash investments and management resources and there is no guarantee that they will generate additional sales or installations of our products, or that we will be able to avoid cost overruns or be able to hire additional personnel to support them. As we expand, we will also need to ensure our compliance with regulatory requirements in various jurisdictions applicable to the sale, installation and servicing of our products, the sale or dispatch of electricity related to our energy products and the operation of Superchargers. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers&#8217; demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical and volatile. 

If the market for electric vehicles in general and Tesla vehicles in particular does not develop as we expect, develops more slowly than we expect, or if demand for our vehicles decreases in our markets or our vehicles compete with each other, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

We are still at an earlier stage of development and have limited resources and production relative to established competitors that offer internal combustion engine vehicles. In addition, electric vehicles still comprise a small percentage of overall vehicle sales. As a result, the market for our vehicles could be negatively affected by numerous factors, such as: 

&#8226; perceptions about electric vehicle features, quality, safety, performance and cost; 

&#8226; perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge, and access to charging facilities; 

&#8226; competition, including from other types of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles; 

&#8226; volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline, such as wide fluctuations in crude oil prices during 2020; 

&#8226; government regulations and economic incentives; and 

&#8226; concerns about our future viability. 

&#160; 

Finally, the target demographics for our vehicles, particularly Model 3 and Model Y, are highly competitive. Sales of vehicles in the automotive industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose us to further volatility. 

Our suppliers may fail to deliver components according to schedules, prices, quality and volumes that are acceptable to us, or we may be unable to manage these components effectively. 

Our products contain thousands of parts purchased globally from hundreds of suppliers, including single-source direct suppliers, which exposes us to multiple potential sources of component shortages. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, trade policies, natural disasters such as the March 2011 earthquakes in Japan, health epidemics such as the global COVID-19 pandemic, trade and shipping disruptions, port congestions and other factors beyond our or our suppliers&#8217; control could also affect these suppliers&#8217; ability to deliver components to us or to remain solvent and operational. For example, a global shortage of semiconductors has been reported since early 2021 and has caused challenges in the manufacturing industry and impacted our supply chain and production as well. We have used alternative parts and programmed software to mitigate the challenges caused by these shortages, but there is no guarantee we may be able to continually do so as we scale production to meet our growth targets. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, idle manufacturing facilities, product design changes and loss of access to important technology and tools for producing and supporting our products, as well as impact our capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our obligations under customer contracts. Moreover, significant increases in our production, such as for Model 3 and Model Y, or product design changes by us have required and may in the future require us to procure additional components in a short amount of time. Our suppliers may not be willing or able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality and volume needs, or to do so may cost us more, which may require us to replace them with other sources. Finally, we have limited vehicle manufacturing experience outside of the Fremont Factory and we may experience issues increasing the level of localized procurement at our Gigafactory Shanghai and at future factories such as Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas. While we believe that we will be able to secure additional or alternate sources or develop our own replacements for most of our components, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so quickly or at all. Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with existing suppliers to obtain cost reductions and avoid unfavorable changes to terms, source less expensive suppliers for certain parts and redesign certain parts to make them less expensive to produce, especially in light of the increases in materials pricing. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

As the scale of our vehicle production increases, we will also need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facilities and servicing locations internationally. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs or successfully implement automation, inventory management and other systems to accommodate the increased complexity in our supply chain and parts management, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which may harm our business and operating results. 

We may be unable to meet our projected construction timelines, costs and production ramps at new factories, or we may experience difficulties in generating and maintaining demand for products manufactured there. 

Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses and approvals for additional expansion, potential supply chain constraints, hiring, training and retention of qualified employees and the pace of bringing production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. For example, we are currently constructing Gigafactory Berlin under conditional permits in anticipation of being granted final permits. Moreover, we will have to establish and ramp production of our proprietary battery cells and packs at our new factories, and we additionally intend to incorporate sequential design and manufacturing changes into vehicles manufactured at each new factory. We have limited experience to date with developing and implementing manufacturing innovations outside of the Fremont Factory and Gigafactory Shanghai. In particular, the majority of our design and engineering resources are currently located in California. In order to meet our expectations for our new factories, we must expand and manage localized design and engineering talent and resources. If we experience any issues or delays in meeting our projected timelines, costs, capital efficiency and production capacity for our new factories, expanding and managing teams to implement iterative design and production changes there, maintaining and complying with the terms of any debt financing that we obtain to fund them or generating and maintaining demand for the vehicles we manufacture there, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 

We will need to maintain and significantly grow our access to battery cells, including through the development and manufacture of our own cells, and control our related costs. 

We are dependent on the continued supply of lithium-ion battery cells for our vehicles and energy storage products, and we will require substantially more cells to grow our business according to our plans. Currently, we rely on suppliers such as Panasonic and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Limited (CATL) for these cells. We have to date fully qualified only a very limited number 

&#160; 

of such suppliers and have limited flexibility in changing suppliers. Any disruption in the supply of battery cells from our suppliers could limit production of our vehicles and energy storage products. In the long term, we intend to supplement cells from our suppliers with cells manufactured by us, which we believe will be more efficient, manufacturable at greater volumes and more cost-effective than currently available cells. However, our efforts to develop and manufacture such battery cells have required, and may continue to require, significant investments, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve these targets in the timeframes that we have planned or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail our planned vehicle and energy storage product production or procure additional cells from suppliers at potentially greater costs, either of which may harm our business and operating results. 

In addition, the cost of battery cells, whether manufactured by our suppliers or by us, depends in part upon the prices and availability of raw materials such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and/or other metals. The prices for these materials fluctuate and their available supply may be unstable, depending on market conditions and global demand for these materials, including as a result of increased global production of electric vehicles and energy storage products. Any reduced availability of these materials may impact our access to cells and any increases in their prices may reduce our profitability if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased vehicle prices. Moreover, any such attempts to increase product prices may harm our brand, prospects and operating results. 

We face strong competition for our products and services from a growing list of established and new competitors. 

The worldwide automotive market is highly competitive today and we expect it will become even more so in the future. For example, Model 3 and Model Y face competition from existing and future automobile manufacturers in the extremely competitive entry-level premium sedan and compact SUV markets. A significant and growing number of established and new automobile manufacturers, as well as other companies, have entered, or are reported to have plans to enter, the market for electric and other alternative fuel vehicles, including hybrid, plug-in hybrid and fully electric vehicles, as well as the market for self-driving technology and other vehicle applications and software platforms. In some cases, our competitors offer or will offer electric vehicles in important markets such as China and Europe, and/or have announced an intention to produce electric vehicles exclusively at some point in the future. Many of our competitors have significantly greater or better-established resources than we do to devote to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale and support of their products. Increased competition could result in our lower vehicle unit sales, price reductions, revenue shortfalls, loss of customers and loss of market share, which may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We also face competition in our energy generation and storage business from other manufacturers, developers, installers and service providers of competing energy technologies, as well as from large utilities. Decreases in the retail or wholesale prices of electricity from utilities or other renewable energy sources could make our products less attractive to customers and lead to an increased rate of residential customer defaults under our existing long-term leases and PPAs. 

&#160; 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

We may experience issues with lithium-ion cells or other components manufactured at Gigafactory Nevada and Gigafactory Shanghai, which may harm the production and profitability of our vehicle and energy storage products. 

Our plan to grow the volume and profitability of our vehicles and energy storage products depends on significant lithium-ion battery cell production, including by our partner Panasonic at Gigafactory Nevada. In addition, we produce several vehicle components, such as battery modules and packs and drive units at Gigafactory Nevada and Gigafactory Shanghai, and we also manufacture energy storage products at Gigafactory Nevada. In the past, some of the manufacturing lines for certain product components took longer than anticipated to ramp to their full capacity, and additional bottlenecks may arise in the future as we continue to increase the production rate and introduce new lines. If we are unable to or otherwise do not maintain and grow our respective operations at Gigafactory Nevada and Gigafactory Shanghai production, or if we are unable to do so cost-effectively or hire and retain highly-skilled personnel there, our ability to manufacture our products profitably would be limited, which may harm our business and operating results. 

Finally, the high volumes of lithium-ion cells and battery modules and packs manufactured at Gigafactory Nevada are stored and recycled at our various facilities. Any mishandling of battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of such facilities. While we have implemented safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, there can be no assurance that a safety issue or fire related to the cells would not disrupt our operations. Any such disruptions or issues may harm our brand and business. 

We face risks associated with maintaining and expanding our international operations, including unfavorable and uncertain regulatory, political, economic, tax and labor conditions. 

We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty and social, environmental and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, including markets in which we generate significant sales, over which we have little control and which are inherently unpredictable. Our operations in such jurisdictions, particularly as a company based in the U.S., create risks relating to conforming our products to regulatory and safety requirements and charging and other electric infrastructures; organizing local operating entities; establishing, staffing and managing foreign business locations; attracting local customers; navigating foreign 

&#160; 

government taxes, regulations and permit requirements; enforceability of our contractual rights; trade restrictions, customs regulations, tariffs and price or exchange controls; and preferences in foreign nations for domestically manufactured products. Such conditions may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell our products and require significant management attention, and may harm our business if we are unable to manage them effectively. 

Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected or take longer than expected to become fully functional. 

If our products contain design or manufacturing defects that cause them not to perform as expected or that require repair, or certain features of our vehicles such as new Autopilot or FSD features take longer than expected to become enabled, are legally restricted or become subject to onerous regulation, our ability to develop, market and sell our products and services may be harmed, and we may experience delivery delays, product recalls, product liability, breach of warranty and consumer protection claims and significant warranty and other expenses. For example, we are developing self-driving and driver assist technologies to rely on vision-based sensors, unlike alternative technologies in development that additionally require other redundant sensors. There is no guarantee that any incremental changes in the specific equipment we deploy in our vehicles over time will not result in initial functional disparities from prior iterations or will perform as expected in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. 

Our products are also highly dependent on software, which is inherently complex and may contain latent defects or errors or be subject to external attacks. Issues experienced by our customers have included those related to the Model S and Model X 17-inch display screen, the panoramic roof and the 12-volt battery in the Model S, the seats and doors in the Model X and the operation of solar panels installed by us. Although we attempt to remedy any issues we observe in our products as effectively and rapidly as possible, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or may not completely satisfy our customers. While we have performed extensive internal testing on our products and features, we currently have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate their long-term quality, reliability, durability and performance characteristics. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in our products prior to their sale to or installation for customers. 

We may be required to defend or insure against product liability claims. 

The automobile industry generally experiences significant product liability claims, and as such we face the risk of such claims in the event our vehicles do not perform or are claimed to not have performed as expected. As is true for other automakers, our vehicles have been involved and we expect in the future will be involved in accidents resulting in death or personal injury, and such accidents where Autopilot or FSD features are engaged are the subject of significant public attention. We have experienced, and we expect to continue to face, claims and regulatory scrutiny arising from or related to misuse or claimed failures of such new technologies that we are pioneering. In addition, the battery packs that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. While we have designed our battery packs to passively contain any single cell&#8217;s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells, there can be no assurance that a field or testing failure of our vehicles or other battery packs that we produce will not occur, in particular due to a high-speed crash. Likewise, as our solar energy systems and energy storage products generate and store electricity, they have the potential to fail or cause injury to people or property. Any product liability claim may subject us to lawsuits and substantial monetary damages, product recalls or redesign efforts, and even a meritless claim may require us to defend it, all of which may generate negative publicity and be expensive and time-consuming. In most jurisdictions, we generally self-insure against the risk of product liability claims for vehicle exposure, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from company funds and not by insurance. 

We will need to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed. 

In order to maintain and grow our business, we must maintain credibility and confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts, investors, ratings agencies and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such confidence may be challenging due to our limited operating history relative to established competitors; customer unfamiliarity with our products; any delays we may experience in scaling manufacturing, delivery and service operations to meet demand; competition and uncertainty regarding the future of electric vehicles or our other products and services; our quarterly production and sales performance compared with market expectations; and other factors including those over which we have no control. In particular, Tesla&#8217;s products, business, results of operations, statements and actions are well-publicized by a range of third parties. Such attention includes frequent criticism, which is often exaggerated or unfounded, such as speculation regarding the sufficiency or stability of our management team. Any such negative perceptions, whether caused by us or not, may harm our business and make it more difficult to raise additional funds if needed. 

We may be unable to effectively grow, or manage the compliance, residual value, financing and credit risks related to, our various financing programs. 

We offer financing arrangements for our vehicles in North America, Europe and Asia primarily ourselves and through various financial institutions. We also currently offer vehicle financing arrangements directly through our local subsidiaries in certain markets. Depending on the country, such arrangements are available for specified models and may include operating leases directly with us 

&#160; 

under which we typically receive only a very small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the time of lease, followed by a stream of payments over the term of the lease. We have also offered various arrangements for customers of our solar energy systems whereby they pay us a fixed payment to lease or finance the purchase of such systems or purchase electricity generated by them. If we do not successfully monitor and comply with applicable national, state and/or local financial regulations and consumer protection laws governing these transactions, we may become subject to enforcement actions or penalties. 

The profitability of any directly-leased vehicles returned to us at the end of their leases depends on our ability to accurately project our vehicles&#8217; residual values at the outset of the leases, and such values may fluctuate prior to the end of their terms depending on various factors such as supply and demand of our used vehicles, economic cycles and the pricing of new vehicles. We have made in the past and may make in the future certain adjustments to our prices from time to time in the ordinary course of business, which may impact the residual values of our vehicles and reduce the profitability of our vehicle leasing program. The funding and growth of this program also relies on our ability to secure adequate financing and/or business partners. If we are unable to adequately fund our leasing program through internal funds, partners or other financing sources, and compelling alternative financing programs are not available for our customers who may expect or need such options, we may be unable to grow our vehicle deliveries. Furthermore, if our vehicle leasing business grows substantially, our business may suffer if we cannot effectively manage the resulting greater levels of residual risk. 

Similarly, we have provided resale value guarantees to vehicle customers and partners for certain financing programs, under which such counterparties may sell their vehicles back to us at certain points in time at pre-determined amounts. However, actual resale values are subject to fluctuations over the term of the financing arrangements, such as from the vehicle pricing changes discussed above. If the actual resale values of any vehicles resold or returned to us pursuant to these programs are materially lower than the pre-determined amounts we have offered, our financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

Finally, our vehicle and solar energy system financing programs and our energy storage sales programs also expose us to customer credit risk. In the event of a widespread economic downturn or other catastrophic event, our customers may be unable or unwilling to satisfy their payment obligations to us on a timely basis or at all. If a significant number of our customers default, we may incur substantial credit losses and/or impairment charges with respect to the underlying assets. 

We must manage ongoing obligations under our agreement with the Research Foundation for the State University of New York relating to our Gigafactory New York. 

We are party to an operating lease and a research and development agreement through the SUNY Foundation. These agreements provide for the construction and use of our Gigafactory New York, which we have primarily used for the development and production of our Solar Roof and other solar products and components, energy storage components and Supercharger components, and for other lessor-approved functions. Under this agreement, we are obligated to, among other things, meet employment targets as well as specified minimum numbers of personnel in the State of New York and in Buffalo, New York and spend or incur $5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York during a period that was initially 10 years beginning April 30, 2018. As we temporarily suspended most of our manufacturing operations at Gigafactory New York pursuant to a New York State executive order issued in March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we were granted a deferral of our obligation to be compliant with our applicable targets through December 31, 2021 in an amendment memorialized in August 2021. As of December 31, 2021, we are currently in excess of such targets relating to investments and personnel in the State of New York and Buffalo. While we expect to have and grow significant operations at Gigafactory New York and the surrounding Buffalo area, any failure by us in any year over the course of the term of the agreement to meet all applicable future obligations may result in our obligation to pay a &#8220;program payment&#8221; of $41 million to the SUNY Foundation for such year, the termination of our lease at Gigafactory New York which may require us to pay additional penalties, and/or the need to adjust certain of our operations, in particular our production ramp of the Solar Roof or other components. Any of the foregoing events may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If we are unable to attract, hire and retain key employees and qualified personnel, our ability to compete may be harmed. 

The loss of the services of any of our key employees or any significant portion of our workforce could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction and ramp of our products and services. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. None of our key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term and we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. Our future success also depends upon our ability to attract, hire and retain a large number of engineering, manufacturing, marketing, sales and delivery, service, installation, technology and support personnel, especially to support our planned high-volume product sales, market and geographical expansion and technological innovations. Recruiting efforts, particularly for senior employees, may be time-consuming, which may delay the execution of our plans. If we are not successful in managing these risks, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

Employees may leave Tesla or choose other employers over Tesla due to various factors, such as a very competitive labor market for talented individuals with automotive or technology experience, or any negative publicity related to us. In regions where we 

&#160; 

have or will have operations, particularly significant engineering and manufacturing centers, there is strong competition for individuals with skillsets needed for our business, including specialized knowledge of electric vehicles, engineering and electrical and building construction expertise. Moreover, we may be impacted by perceptions relating to reductions in force that we have conducted in the past in order to optimize our organizational structure and reduce costs and the departure of certain senior personnel for various reasons. Likewise, as a result of our temporary suspension of various U.S. manufacturing operations in the first half of 2020, in April 2020, we temporarily furloughed certain hourly employees and reduced most salaried employees&#8217; base salaries. We also compete with both mature and prosperous companies that have far greater financial resources than we do and start-ups and emerging companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. 

Finally, our compensation philosophy for all of our personnel reflects our startup origins, with an emphasis on equity-based awards and benefits in order to closely align their incentives with the long-term interests of our stockholders. We periodically seek and obtain approval from our stockholders for future increases to the number of awards available under our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans. If we are unable to obtain the requisite stockholder approvals for such future increases, we may have to expend additional cash to compensate our employees and our ability to retain and hire qualified personnel may be harmed. 

We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. 

We are highly dependent on the services of Elon Musk, Technoking of Tesla and our Chief Executive Officer. Although Mr. Musk spends significant time with Tesla and is highly active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to Tesla. Mr. Musk also currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer of Space Exploration Technologies Corp., a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles, and is involved in other emerging technology ventures. 

Our information technology systems or data, or those of our service providers or customers or users could be subject to cyber-attacks or other security incidents, which could result in data breaches, intellectual property theft, claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability, reputational damage and other adverse consequences. 

We continue to expand our information technology systems as our operations grow, such as product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. This includes the implementation of new internally developed systems and the deployment of such systems in the U.S. and abroad. While, we maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against intellectual property theft, data breaches, sabotage and other external or internal cyber-attacks or misappropriation, our systems and those of our service providers are potentially vulnerable to malware, ransomware, viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, social engineering, computer hacking, unauthorized access, exploitation of bugs, defects and vulnerabilities, breakdowns, damage, interruptions, system malfunctions, power outages, terrorism, acts of vandalism, security breaches, security incidents, inadvertent or intentional actions by employees or other third parties, and other cyber-attacks. 

To the extent any security incident results in unauthorized access or damage to or acquisition, use, corruption, loss, destruction, alteration or dissemination of our data, including intellectual property and personal information, or our products or vehicles, or for it to be believed or reported that any of these occurred, it could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with applicable data breach notification laws, subject us to time consuming, distracting and expensive litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject us to liability under laws, regulations and contractual obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could result in increased costs to us and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. 

We also rely on service providers, and similar incidents relating to their information technology systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks. Our service providers, including our workforce management software provider, have been subject to ransomware and other security incidents, and we cannot guarantee that our or our service providers&#8217; systems have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects, bugs, or vulnerabilities that could result in a security incident, or other disruption to, our or our service providers&#8217; systems. Our ability to monitor our service providers&#8217; security measures is limited, and, in any event, malicious third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. 

Further, the implementation, maintenance, segregation and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost, and there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems and updating current systems, including disruptions to the related areas of business operation. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service products, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. 

Moreover, if we do not successfully implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information, 

&#160; 

including intellectual property and personal information, could be compromised or misappropriated and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing these functions. 

Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our products&#8217; systems could result in loss of confidence in us and our products. 

Our products contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles and energy storage products are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to improve or update their functionality. While we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks, our products and their systems, malicious entities have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, products and systems to gain control of, or to change, our products&#8217; functionality, user interface and performance characteristics or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products. We encourage reporting of potential vulnerabilities in the security of our products through our security vulnerability reporting policy, and we aim to remedy any reported and verified vulnerability. However, there can be no assurance that any vulnerabilities will not be exploited before they can be identified, or that our remediation efforts are or will be successful. 

Any unauthorized access to or control of our products or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or government investigations. In addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our products, their systems or data, as well as other factors that may result in the perception that our products, their systems or data are capable of being hacked, may harm our brand, prospects and operating results. We have been the subject of such reports in the past. 

Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities. 

It is not uncommon for employees of certain trades at companies such as us to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. Moreover, regulations in some jurisdictions outside of the U.S. mandate employee participation in industrial collective bargaining agreements and work councils with certain consultation rights with respect to the relevant companies&#8217; operations. Although we work diligently to provide the best possible work environment for our employees, they may still decide to join or seek recognition to form a labor union, or we may be required to become a union signatory. From time to time, labor unions have engaged in campaigns to organize certain of our operations, as part of which such unions have filed unfair labor practice charges against us with the National Labor Relations Board (the &#34;NLRB&#34;), and they may do so in the future. In September 2019, an administrative law judge issued a recommended decision for Tesla on certain issues and against us on certain others. In March 2021, the NLRB adopted a portion of the recommendation and overturned others. Tesla appealed the decision to the United States Circuit Court for the Fifth Circuit, which is currently pending. Any unfavorable ultimate outcome for Tesla may have a negative impact on the perception of Tesla&#8217;s treatment of our employees. Furthermore, we are directly or indirectly dependent upon companies with unionized work forces, such as suppliers and trucking and freight companies. Any work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions could delay the manufacture and sale of our products and may harm our business and operating results. 

We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions. 

As a manufacturing company, we must manage the risk of product recalls with respect to our products. Recalls for our vehicles have resulted from, for example, industry-wide issues with airbags from a particular supplier, concerns of corrosion in certain Model S and Model X power steering assist motor bolts, suspension failures in certain Model S and Model X, issues with certain Model S and Model X media control units and torqueing of bolts to internal specifications on certain Model 3 and Model Y, misalignment of the frunk latch assembly on certain Model S and unavailability of the rearview camera display on certain Model 3. In addition to recalls initiated by us for various causes, testing of or investigations into our products by government regulators or industry groups may compel us to initiate product recalls or may result in negative public perceptions about the safety of our products, even if we disagree with the defect determination or have data that shows the actual safety risk to be non-existent. In the future, we may voluntarily or involuntarily initiate recalls if any of our products are determined by us or a regulator to contain a safety defect or be noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations, such as U.S. federal motor vehicle safety standards. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components engineered or manufactured by us or our suppliers, could result in significant expense, supply chain complications and service burdens, and may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

Our current and future warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims. 

We provide a manufacturer&#8217;s warranty on all new and used Tesla vehicles we sell. We also provide certain warranties with respect to the energy generation and storage systems we sell, including on their installation and maintenance. For components not manufactured by us, we generally pass through to our customers the applicable manufacturers&#8217; warranties, but may retain some warranty responsibilities for some or all of the life of such components. As part of our energy generation and storage system contracts, we may provide the customer with performance guarantees that guarantee that the underlying system will meet or exceed the minimum energy generation or other energy performance requirements specified in the contract. Under these performance guarantees, we generally bear the risk of electricity production or other performance shortfalls, even if they result from failures in components 

&#160; 

from third party manufacturers. These risks are exacerbated in the event such manufacturers cease operations or fail to honor their warranties. 

If our warranty reserves are inadequate to cover future warranty claims on our products, our financial condition and operating results may be harmed. Warranty reserves include our management&#8217;s best estimates of the projected costs to repair or to replace items under warranty, which are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes to our historical or projected experience, especially with respect to products such as Model 3, Model Y and Solar Roof that we have introduced relatively recently and/or that we expect to produce at significantly greater volumes than our past products, may cause material changes to our warranty reserves in the future. 

Our insurance coverage strategy may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. 

We may be subject, in the ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God and other claims against us, for which we may have no insurance coverage. As a general matter, we do not maintain as much insurance coverage as many other companies do, and in some cases, we do not maintain any at all. Additionally, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles or self-insured retentions, policy limitations and exclusions, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future losses or claims against us. A loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. 

Our debt agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business. 

The terms of certain of our credit facilities, including our senior asset-based revolving credit agreement, contain, and any of our other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt or issue guarantees, create liens, repurchase stock, or make other restricted payments, and make certain voluntary prepayments of specified debt. In addition, under certain circumstances we are required to comply with a fixed charge coverage ratio. As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and engage in beneficial transactions, including to obtain additional financing as needed, may be restricted. Furthermore, our failure to comply with our debt covenants could result in a default under our debt agreements, which could permit the holders to accelerate our obligation to repay the debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay it. 

Additional funds may not be available to us when we need or want them. 

Our business and our future plans for expansion are capital-intensive, and the specific timing of cash inflows and outflows may fluctuate substantially from period to period. We may need or want to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities or through obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal sources of liquidity, the costs of developing and manufacturing our current or future products, to pay any significant unplanned or accelerated expenses or for new significant strategic investments, or to refinance our significant consolidated indebtedness, even if not required to do so by the terms of such indebtedness. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be negatively impacted by any early obsolescence of our manufacturing equipment. 

We depreciate the cost of our manufacturing equipment over their expected useful lives. However, product cycles or manufacturing technology may change periodically, and we may decide to update our products or manufacturing processes more quickly than expected. Moreover, improvements in engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency may result in our ability to manufacture our products using less of our currently installed equipment. Alternatively, as we ramp and mature the production of our products to higher levels, we may discontinue the use of already installed equipment in favor of different or additional equipment. The useful life of any equipment that would be retired early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation on such equipment to be accelerated, and our results of operations may be harmed. 

We hold and may acquire digital assets that may be subject to volatile market prices, impairment and unique risks of loss. 

In January 2021, we updated our investment policy to provide us with more flexibility to further diversify and maximize returns on our cash that is not required to maintain adequate operating liquidity, allowing us to invest a portion of such cash in certain alternative reserve assets including digital assets, gold bullion, gold exchange-traded funds and other assets as specified in the future. Thereafter, we invested certain of such cash in bitcoin and also accepted bitcoin as a form of payment for sales of certain of our products in specified regions, subject to applicable laws, and suspended this practice in May 2021. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. As with any investment and consistent with how we manage fiat-based cash and cash equivalent accounts, we may increase or decrease our holdings of digital assets at any time based on the needs of the business and on our view of market and environmental conditions. 

&#160; 

The prices of digital assets have been in the past and may continue to be highly volatile, including as a result of various associated risks and uncertainties. For example, the prevalence of such assets is a relatively recent trend, and their long-term adoption by investors, consumers and businesses is unpredictable. Moreover, their lack of a physical form, their reliance on technology for their creation, existence and transactional validation and their decentralization may subject their integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. Finally, the extent to which securities laws or other regulations apply or may apply in the future to such assets is unclear and may change in the future. If we hold digital assets and their values decrease relative to our purchase prices, our financial condition may be harmed. 

Moreover, digital assets are currently considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules, meaning that any decrease in their fair values below our carrying values for such assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale, which may adversely affect our operating results in any period in which such impairment occurs. Moreover, there is no guarantee that future changes in GAAP will not require us to change the way we account for digital assets held by us. 

Finally, as intangible assets without centralized issuers or governing bodies, digital assets have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activities, as well as human errors or computer malfunctions that may result in the loss or destruction of private keys needed to access such assets. While we intend to take all reasonable measures to secure any digital assets, if such threats are realized or the measures or controls we create or implement to secure our digital assets fail, it could result in a partial or total misappropriation or loss of our digital assets, and our financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

There is no guarantee that we will have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness or that we will not incur additional indebtedness. 

As of December 31, 2021, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $5.38 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness (see Note 11, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our consolidated indebtedness may increase our vulnerability to any generally adverse economic and industry conditions. We and our subsidiaries may, subject to the limitations in the terms of our existing and future indebtedness, incur additional debt, secure existing or future debt or recapitalize our debt. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due, to make payments upon conversion or repurchase demands with respect to our convertible senior notes or to refinance our indebtedness as we may need or desire, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our existing indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur, and to make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In addition, our ability to make payments may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. We may not be able to engage in these activities on desirable terms or at all, which may result in a default on our existing or future indebtedness and harm our financial condition and operating results. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

We transact business globally in multiple currencies and have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue, operating expenses and localized subsidiary debt denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, currently primarily the Chinese yuan, euro, Canadian dollar and Norwegian krone. To the extent we have significant revenues denominated in such foreign currencies, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar would tend to reduce our revenues as measured in U.S. dollars, as we have historically experienced. In addition, a portion of our costs and expenses have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, denominated in foreign currencies, including the Chinese yuan and Japanese yen. If we do not have fully offsetting revenues in these currencies and if the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly against these currencies, our costs as measured in U.S. dollars as a percent of our revenues will correspondingly increase and our margins will suffer. Moreover, while we undertake limited hedging activities intended to offset the impact of currency translation exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate such impact. As a result, our operating results may be harmed. 

We may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and expensive. 

Our competitors or other third parties may hold or obtain patents, copyrights, trademarks or other proprietary rights that could prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell or market our products and services, which could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, the holders of such intellectual property rights may assert their rights and urge us to take licenses and/or may bring suits alleging infringement or misappropriation of such rights, which could result in 

&#160; 

substantial costs, negative publicity and management attention, regardless of merit. While we endeavor to obtain and protect the intellectual property rights that we expect will allow us to retain or advance our strategic initiatives, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately identify and protect the portions of intellectual property that are strategic to our business, or mitigate the risk of potential suits or other legal demands by our competitors. Accordingly, we may consider the entering into licensing agreements with respect to such rights, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur, and such licenses and associated litigation could significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, if we are determined to have or believe there is a high likelihood that we have infringed upon a third party&#8217;s intellectual property rights, we may be required to cease making, selling or incorporating certain components or intellectual property into the goods and services we offer, to pay substantial damages and/or license royalties, to redesign our products and services and/or to establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services. In the event that we are required to take one or more such actions, our brand, business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to the Company's ESG practices may result in additional costs or risks. 

Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. While our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy, if our ESG practices do not meet investor or other industry stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, we may incur additional costs and our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees and business may be harmed. 

Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars or health epidemics. 

We may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, weather conditions, the long-term effects of climate change, power outages or other events outside of our control. For example, our Fremont Factory and Gigafactory Nevada are located in seismically active regions in Northern California and Nevada, and our Gigafactory Shanghai is located in a flood-prone area. Moreover, the area in which our Gigafactory Texas is located experienced severe winter storms in the first quarter of 2021 that had a widespread impact on utilities and transportation. If major disasters such as earthquakes, floods or other climate-related events occur, or our information system or communication breaks down or operates improperly, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. In addition, the global COVID-19 pandemic has impacted economic markets, manufacturing operations, supply chains, employment and consumer behavior in nearly every geographic region and industry across the world, and we have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected as a result. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Government Laws and Regulations 

Demand for our products and services may be impacted by the status of government and economic incentives supporting the development and adoption of such products. 

Government and economic incentives that support the development and adoption of electric vehicles in the U.S. and abroad, including certain tax exemptions, tax credits and rebates, may be reduced, eliminated or exhausted from time to time. For example, previously available incentives favoring electric vehicles in areas including Ontario, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Denmark and California have expired or were cancelled or temporarily unavailable, and in some cases were not eventually replaced or reinstituted, which may have negatively impacted sales. Certain government and economic incentives may also be implemented that provide disproportionate benefits to manufacturers who assemble domestically, have local suppliers or have other characteristics that may not apply to Tesla. Any similar developments could have some negative impact on demand for our vehicles, and we and our customers may have to adjust to them. 

In addition, certain governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives that are currently available with respect to our solar and energy storage product businesses allow us to lower our costs and encourage customers to buy our products and investors to invest in our solar financing funds. However, these incentives may expire when the allocated funding is exhausted, reduced or terminated as renewable energy adoption rates increase, sometimes without warning. For example, the U.S. federal government currently offers certain tax credits for the installation of solar power facilities and energy storage systems that are charged from a co-sited solar power facility; however, these tax credits are currently scheduled to decline and/or expire in 2023 and beyond. Likewise, in jurisdictions where net metering is currently available, our customers receive bill credits from utilities for energy that their solar energy systems generate and export to the grid in excess of the electric load they use. The benefit available under net metering has been or has been proposed to be reduced, altered or eliminated in several jurisdictions, and has also been contested and may continue to be contested before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Any reductions or terminations of such incentives may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results by making our products less competitive for customers, 

&#160; 

increasing our cost of capital and adversely impacting our ability to attract investment partners and to form new financing funds for our solar and energy storage assets. 

Finally, we and our fund investors claim these U.S. federal tax credits and certain state incentives in amounts based on independently appraised fair market values of our solar and energy storage systems. Some governmental authorities have audited such values and in certain cases have determined that these values should be lower, and they may do so again in the future. Such determinations may result in adverse tax consequences and/or our obligation to make indemnification or other payments to our funds or fund investors. 

We are subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. 

As we grow our manufacturing operations in additional regions, we are or will be subject to complex environmental, manufacturing, health and safety laws and regulations at numerous jurisdictional levels in the U.S., China, Germany and other locations abroad, including laws relating to the use, handling, storage, recycling, disposal and/or human exposure to hazardous materials, product material inputs and post-consumer products and with respect to constructing, expanding and maintaining our facilities. New, or changes in, environmental and climate change laws, regulations or rules could also lead to increased costs of compliance, including remediations of any discovered issues, and changes to our operations, which may be significant, and any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays or fines. In addition, as we have increased our employee headcount and operations, we are and may continue to be subject to increased scrutiny, including litigation and government investigations relating to allegations such as discrimination and workplace misconduct, that we will need to defend against. If we are unable to successfully defend ourselves in such litigation or government investigations, it may harm our brand, ability to attract and retain qualified employees, business and financial condition. We are also subject to laws and regulations applicable to the supply, manufacture, import, sale and service of our products both domestically and abroad. For example, in countries outside of the U.S., we are required to meet standards relating to vehicle safety, fuel economy and emissions that are often materially different from requirements in the U.S., thus resulting in additional investment into the vehicles and systems to ensure regulatory compliance in those countries. This process may include official review and certification of our vehicles by foreign regulatory agencies prior to market entry, as well as compliance with foreign reporting and recall management systems requirements. 

In particular, we offer in our vehicles Autopilot and FSD Capability features that today assist drivers with certain tedious and potentially dangerous aspects of road travel, but which currently require drivers to remain fully engaged in the driving operation. We are continuing to develop our FSD Capability technology with the goal of achieving fully self-driving capability in the future. There are a variety of international, federal and state regulations that may apply to the sale, registration and operation of fully self-driving vehicles, which include many existing vehicle standards that were not originally intended to apply to vehicles that may not have a human driver. Such regulations continue to rapidly change, which increases the likelihood of a patchwork of complex or conflicting regulations, or may delay products or restrict self-driving features and their availability, which could adversely affect our business. 

Finally, as a manufacturer, installer and service provider with respect to solar generation and energy storage systems, a supplier of electricity generated and stored by certain of the solar energy and energy storage systems we install for customers, and a provider of grid services through virtual power plant models, we are impacted by federal, state and local regulations and policies concerning electricity pricing, the interconnection of electricity generation and storage equipment with the electrical grid and the sale of electricity generated by third party-owned systems. If regulations and policies that adversely impact the interconnection or use of our solar and energy storage systems are introduced, they could deter potential customers from purchasing our solar and energy storage products and services, threaten the economics of our existing contracts and cause us to cease solar and energy storage system sales and services in the relevant jurisdictions, which may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Any failure by us to comply with a variety of U.S. and international privacy and consumer protection laws may harm us. 

Any failure by us or our vendor or other business partners to comply with our public privacy notice or with federal, state or international privacy, data protection or security laws or regulations relating to the processing, collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information could result in regulatory or litigation-related actions against us, legal liability, fines, damages, ongoing audit requirements and other significant costs. Substantial expenses and operational changes may be required in connection with maintaining compliance with such laws, and even an unsuccessful challenge by customers or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. In addition, certain emerging privacy laws are still subject to a high degree of uncertainty as to their interpretation, application and impact, and may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs, adversely impact the cost or attractiveness of the products or services we offer, or result in adverse publicity and harm our reputation. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation applies to the processing of personal information collected from individuals located in the European Union, and has created new compliance obligations and significantly increased fines for noncompliance. Similarly, the California Consumer Privacy Act imposes certain legal obligations on our use and processing of personal information related to California residents. Finally, new privacy and cybersecurity laws have come into effect in China. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect the security and integrity of our customers&#8217; personal information, we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with data 

&#160; 

breach requirements if, for example, third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our customers or we otherwise experience a data loss with respect to customers&#8217; personal information. A major breach of our network security and systems may result in fines, penalties and damages and harm our brand, prospects and operating results. 

We could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences arising out of certain governmental investigations and proceedings. 

We are cooperating with certain government investigations as discussed in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To our knowledge, no government agency in any such ongoing investigation has concluded that any wrongdoing occurred. However, we cannot predict the outcome or impact of any such ongoing matters, and there exists the possibility that we could be subject to liability, penalties and other restrictive sanctions and adverse consequences if the SEC, the U.S. Department of Justice or any other government agency were to pursue legal action in the future. Moreover, we expect to incur costs in responding to related requests for information and subpoenas, and if instituted, in defending against any governmental proceedings. 

For example, on October 16, 2018, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York entered a final judgment approving the terms of a settlement filed with the Court on September 29, 2018, in connection with the actions taken by the SEC relating to Mr. Musk&#8217;s statement on August 7, 2018 that he was considering taking Tesla private. Pursuant to the settlement, we, among other things, paid a civil penalty of $20 million, appointed an independent director as the chair of our board of directors, appointed two additional independent directors to our board of directors and made further enhancements to our disclosure controls and other corporate governance-related matters. On April 26, 2019, this settlement was amended to clarify certain of the previously-agreed disclosure procedures, which was subsequently approved by the Court. All other terms of the prior settlement were reaffirmed without modification. Although we intend to continue to comply with the terms and requirements of the settlement, if there is a lack of compliance or an alleged lack of compliance, additional enforcement actions or other legal proceedings may be instituted against us. 

We may face regulatory challenges to or limitations on our ability to sell vehicles directly. 

While we intend to continue to leverage our most effective sales strategies, including sales through our website, we may not be able to sell our vehicles through our own stores in certain states in the U.S. with laws that may be interpreted to impose limitations on this direct-to-consumer sales model. It has also been asserted that the laws in some states limit our ability to obtain dealer licenses from state motor vehicle regulators, and such assertions persist. In certain locations, decisions by regulators permitting us to sell vehicles have been, and may be, challenged by dealer associations and others as to whether such decisions comply with applicable state motor vehicle industry laws. We have prevailed in many of these lawsuits and such results have reinforced our continuing belief that state laws were not intended to apply to a manufacturer that does not have franchise dealers. In some states, there have also been regulatory and legislative efforts by dealer associations to propose laws that, if enacted, would prevent us from obtaining dealer licenses in their states given our current sales model. A few states have passed legislation that clarifies our ability to operate, but at the same time limits the number of dealer licenses we can obtain or stores that we can operate. The application of state laws applicable to our operations continues to be difficult to predict. 

Internationally, there may be laws in jurisdictions we have not yet entered or laws we are unaware of in jurisdictions we have entered that may restrict our sales or other business practices. Even for those jurisdictions we have analyzed, the laws in this area can be complex, difficult to interpret and may change over time. Continued regulatory limitations and other obstacles interfering with our ability to sell vehicles directly to consumers may harm our financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our common stock has experienced over the last 52 weeks an intra-day trading high of $1,243.49 per share and a low of $539.49 per share. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In particular, a large proportion of our common stock has been historically and may in the future be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock, further influencing volatility in its market price. Public perception and other factors outside of our control may additionally impact the stock price of companies like us that garner a disproportionate degree of public attention, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market or the market price of our shares, securities class action litigation has been filed against us. While we defend such actions vigorously, any judgment against us or any future stockholder litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management&#8217;s attention and resources. 

&#160; 

Our financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to fluctuations in our operating costs and other factors. 

We expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on our operating costs, which we anticipate will fluctuate as the pace at which we continue to design, develop and manufacture new products and increase production capacity by expanding our current manufacturing facilities and adding future facilities, may not be consistent or linear between periods. Additionally, our revenues from period to period may fluctuate as we introduce existing products to new markets for the first time and as we develop and introduce new products. As a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results, especially in the short term, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Moreover, our financial results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts, ratings agencies or investors, who may be focused only on short-term quarterly financial results. If any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either suddenly or over time. 

We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We may provide from time to time guidance regarding our expected financial and business performance. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process, and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate and has in the past been inaccurate in certain respects, such as the timing of new product manufacturing ramps. Our guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to anticipated production and sales volumes (which generally are not linear throughout a given period), average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs and planned cost reductions. If our guidance varies from actual results due to our assumptions not being met or the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could decline significantly. 

Transactions relating to our convertible senior notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 

The conversion of some or all of the convertible senior notes issued by us or our subsidiaries would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of such notes by their holders, and we may be required to deliver a significant number of shares. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect their prevailing market prices. In addition, the existence of the convertible senior notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of such notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or the anticipated conversion of such notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 

If Elon Musk were forced to sell shares of our common stock that he has pledged to secure certain personal loan obligations, such sales could cause our stock price to decline. 

Certain banking institutions have made extensions of credit to Elon Musk, our Chief Executive Officer, a portion of which was used to purchase shares of common stock in certain of our public offerings and private placements at the same prices offered to third-party participants in such offerings and placements. We are not a party to these loans, which are partially secured by pledges of a portion of the Tesla common stock currently owned by Mr. Musk. If the price of our common stock were to decline substantially, Mr. Musk may be forced by one or more of the banking institutions to sell shares of Tesla common stock to satisfy his loan obligations if he could not do so through other means. Any such sales could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. 

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our governing documents, applicable laws and our convertible senior notes could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws afford certain rights and powers to our board of directors that may facilitate the delay or prevention of an acquisition that it deems undesirable. We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and other provisions of Delaware law that limit the ability of stockholders in certain situations to effect certain business combinations. In addition, the terms of our convertible senior notes may require us to repurchase such notes in the event of a fundamental change, including a takeover of our company. Any of the foregoing provisions and terms that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

&#160; 

&#160; 



 ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For discussion related to changes in financial condition and the results of operations for fiscal year 2019-related items, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2020, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2021. 

Overview and 2021 Highlights 

Our mission is to accelerate the world&#8217;s transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, financial and other services related to our products. Additionally, we are increasingly focused on products and services based on artificial intelligence, robotics and automation. 

In 2021, we produced 930,422 vehicles and delivered 936,222 vehicles. We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production and capacity, improving and developing battery technologies, improving our FSD capabilities, increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles and expanding our global infrastructure. 

In 2021, we deployed 3.99 GWh of energy storage products and 345 megawatts of solar energy systems. We are currently focused on ramping production of energy storage products, improving our Solar Roof installation capability and efficiency, and increasing market share of retrofit and new build solar energy systems. 

In 2021, we recognized total revenues of $53.82 billion, representing a 71% increase compared to the prior year. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products and further revenue growth. 

In 2021, our net income attributable to common stockholders was $5.52 billion, representing a favorable change of $4.80 billion, compared to the prior year. We continue to focus on improving our profitability through production and operational efficiencies. 

We ended 2021 with $17.58 billion in cash and cash equivalents, representing a decrease of $1.81 billion from the end of 2020. Our cash flows provided by operating activities during 2021 was $11.50 billion, representing an increase of $5.55 billion compared to $5.94 billion during 2020, and capital expenditures amounted to $6.48 billion during 2021, compared to $3.16 billion during 2020. Sustained growth has allowed our business to generally fund itself, but we will continue investing in a number of capital-intensive projects in upcoming periods. 

Management Opportunities, Challenges and Risks and 2022 Outlook 

Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

&#160; 

Beginning in the first quarter of 2021, there has been a trend in many parts of the world of increasing availability and administration of vaccines against COVID-19, as well as an easing of restrictions on social, business, travel and government activities and functions. On the other hand, infection rates and regulations continue to fluctuate in various regions and there are ongoing global impacts resulting from the pandemic, including challenges and increases in costs for logistics and supply chains, such as increased port congestion, intermittent supplier delays and a shortfall of semiconductor supply. We have also previously been affected by temporary manufacturing closures, employment and compensation adjustments, and impediments to administrative activities supporting our product deliveries and deployments. 

&#160; 

Ultimately, we cannot predict the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. 

&#160; 

Automotive&#8212;Production 

The following is a summary of the status of production of each of our announced vehicle models in production and under development, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START Production Location 

&#160;

Vehicle Model(s) 

&#160;

Production Status 

Fremont Factory 

&#160;

Model S / Model X 

&#160;

Active 

&#160;

&#160;

Model 3 / Model Y 

&#160;

Active 

Gigafactory Shanghai 

&#160;

Model 3 / Model Y 

&#160;

Active 

Gigafactory Berlin 

&#160;

Model Y 

&#160;

Equipment test 

Gigafactory Texas 

&#160;

Model Y 

&#160;

Equipment test 

&#160;

&#160;

Cybertruck 

&#160;

In development 

TBD 

&#160;

Tesla Semi 

&#160;

In development 

TBD 

&#160;

Tesla Roadster 

&#160;

In development 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

We are focused on ramping all of our production vehicles to their installed production capacities as well as increasing capacity at our current factories. Our current production continues to be affected by the industry-wide semiconductor and other component shortages, requiring additional workaround manufacturing and production design solutions to be implemented which may be difficult to sustain. Builds of Model Y in Gigafactory Texas and equipment testing through the vehicle production process in Gigafactory Berlin started in late 2021. The next phase of production growth will depend on the testing and ramp at Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas, as well as our ability to add to our available sources of battery cell supply by manufacturing our own cells that we are developing to have high-volume output, lower capital and production costs and longer range. Consistent with our approach of innovating manufacturing techniques at our new factories, we expect as well to pioneer new methods related to the mass production of these cells and our unique structural battery pack concept. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability. 

However, these plans are subject to uncertainties inherent in establishing and ramping manufacturing operations, which may be exacerbated by the number of concurrent international projects, any industry-wide component constraints which may increase the number of manufacturing and production design workaround solutions required, labor shortages and any future impact from events outside of our control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, we must meet ambitious technological targets with our plans for battery cells as well as for iterative manufacturing and design improvements for our vehicles with each new factory. 

Automotive&#8212;Demand and Sales 

Our cost reduction efforts and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles&#8217; affordability, and for example, have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles in China. In addition to ramping production in 2022, we will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles&#8217; performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as Autopilot and FSD, and other software features. Moreover, we expect to continue to benefit from a spike in demand in the automotive industry generally, as well as ongoing electrification of the automotive sector and increasing environmental awareness. 

However, we operate in a cyclical industry that is sensitive to trade, environmental and political uncertainty, all of which may also be compounded by any future global impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, as additional competitors enter the marketplace and help bring the world closer to sustainable transportation, we will have to continue to execute well to maintain our momentum. 

Automotive&#8212;Deliveries and Customer Infrastructure 

&#160; 

As our deliveries increase, we must work constantly to prevent our vehicle delivery capability from becoming a bottleneck on our total deliveries. Increasing the exports of vehicles manufactured at Gigafactory Shanghai has been effective in mitigating the strain on our deliveries in markets outside of the United States, and we expect to benefit further from situating additional factories closer to local markets. As we expand our manufacturing operations globally, we will have to continue to increase and staff our delivery, servicing and charging infrastructure accordingly, maintain our vehicle reliability and optimize our Supercharger locations to ensure cost effectiveness and customer satisfaction. In particular, we remain focused on increasing the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. 

&#160; 

Energy Generation and Storage Demand, Production and Deployment 

&#160; 

The long-term success of this business is dependent upon increasing margins through greater volumes. We continue to increase the production of our energy storage products to meet high levels of demand, including beginning construction of our Megafactory in Lathrop, California, but such production is also sensitive to global component constraints. For Megapack, energy storage deployments can vary meaningfully quarter to quarter depending on the timing of specific project milestones. For Powerwall, better availability and growing grid stability concerns drive higher customer interest, and we are emphasizing cross-selling with our residential solar energy products. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we continue to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for Solar Roof by on-boarding and training new installers, as well as collaborating with real estate developers and builders on new homes to reduce installation time and costs. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and hire additional personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of Solar Roof. 

Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends 

Our capital expenditures are typically difficult to project beyond the short term given the number and breadth of our core projects at any given time, and may further be impacted by uncertainties in future global market conditions. We are simultaneously ramping new products in the new Model S and Model X, Megapack and Solar Roof, ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents and piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. Owing and subject to the foregoing as well as the pipeline of announced projects under development and all other continuing infrastructure growth, we currently expect our capital expenditures to be between $5.00 to $7.00 billion in 2022 and each of the next two fiscal years. 

Our business has recently been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also facilitating positive cash generation. On the other hand, we are likely to see heightened levels of capital expenditures during certain periods depending on the specific pace of our capital-intensive projects and rising material prices and increasing supply chain and labor expenses resulting from changes in global trade conditions and labor availability associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, as our stock price has significantly increased, we have seen higher levels of early conversions of &#8220;in-the-money&#8221; convertible senior notes, which obligates us to deliver cash and or shares pursuant to the terms of those notes. Overall, we expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. 

Operating Expense Trends 

As long as we see expanding sales, and excluding the potential impact of macroeconomic conditions including increased labor costs and impairment charges on certain assets as explained below, we generally expect operating expenses relative to revenues to decrease as we continue to increase operational efficiency and process automation. We expect operating expenses to grow in 2022 as we are expanding our operations globally. 

In the first quarter of 2021, we invested an aggregate $1.50 billion in bitcoin. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. As with any investment and consistent with how we manage fiat-based cash and cash-equivalent accounts, we may increase or decrease our holdings of digital assets at any time based on the needs of the business and our view of market and environmental conditions. Digital assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules. Accordingly, any decrease in their fair values below our carrying values for such assets at any time subsequent to their acquisition will require us to recognize impairment charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale. For any digital assets held now or in the future, these charges may negatively impact our profitability in the periods in which such impairments occur even if the overall market values of these assets increase. For example, in the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded approximately $101 million of impairment losses resulting from changes to the carrying value of our bitcoin and gains of $128 million on certain sales of bitcoin by us. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected. 

&#160; 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The estimates used for, but not limited to, determining significant economic incentive for resale value guarantee arrangements, sales return reserves, the collectability of accounts receivable, inventory valuation, fair value of long-lived assets, goodwill, fair value of financial instruments, fair value and residual value of operating lease vehicles and solar energy systems subject to leases could be impacted. We have assessed the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These estimates may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Revenue Recognition 

Automotive Sales without Resale Value Guarantee 

Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to deliveries of new vehicles and pay-per-use charges, and specific other features and services that meet the definition of a performance obligation under ASC 606, including access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, FSD features and over-the-air software updates. We recognize revenue on automotive sales upon delivery to the customer, which is when the control of a vehicle transfers. Payments are typically received at the point control transfers or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. Other features and services such as access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity and over-the-air software updates are provisioned upon control transfer of a vehicle and recognized over time on a straight-line basis as we have a stand-ready obligation to deliver such services to the customer. We recognize revenue related to these other features and services over the performance period, which is generally the estimated useful life of the vehicle. Revenue related to FSD features is recognized when functionality is delivered to the customer. For our obligations related to automotive sales, we estimate standalone selling price by considering costs used to develop and deliver the service, third-party pricing of similar options and other information that may be available. 

At the time of revenue recognition, we reduce the transaction price and record a sales return reserve against revenue for estimated variable consideration related to future product returns. Such return rate estimates are based on historical experience and are immaterial in all periods presented. In addition, any fees that are paid or payable by us to a customer&#8217;s lender when we arrange the financing are recognized as an offset against automotive sales revenue. 

Costs to obtain a contract mainly relate to commissions paid to our sales personnel for the sale of vehicles. Commissions are not paid on other obligations such as access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, FSD features and over-the-air software updates. As our contract costs related to automotive sales are typically fulfilled within one year, the costs to obtain a contract are expensed as incurred. Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as automotive sales revenue, and we have elected to recognize the cost for freight and shipping when control over vehicles, parts or accessories have transferred to the customer as an expense in cost of automotive sales revenue. Our policy is to exclude taxes collected from a customer from the transaction price of automotive contracts. 

Automotive Sales with Resale Value Guarantee or a Buyback Option 

We offer resale value guarantees or similar buy-back terms to certain international customers who purchase vehicles and who finance their vehicles through one of our specified commercial banking partners. We also offer resale value guarantees in connection with automotive sales to certain leasing partners. Under these programs, we receive full payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery and our counterparty has the option of selling their vehicle back to us during the guarantee period, which currently is generally at the end of the term of the applicable loan or financing program, for a pre-determined resale value. 

We recognize revenue when control transfers upon delivery to customers in accordance with ASC 606 as a sale with a right of return when we do not believe the customer has a significant economic incentive to exercise the resale value guarantee provided to them at contract inception. The process to determine whether there is a significant economic incentive includes a comparison of a vehicle&#8217;s estimated market value at the time the option is exercisable with the guaranteed resale value to determine the customer&#8217;s economic incentive to exercise. The performance obligations and the pattern of recognizing automotive sales with resale value guarantees are consistent with automotive sales without resale value guarantees with the exception of our estimate for sales return reserve. Sales return reserves for automotive sales with resale value guarantees are estimated based on historical experience plus consideration for expected future market values. On a quarterly basis, we assess the estimated market values of vehicles sold with resale value guarantees to determine whether there have been changes to the likelihood of future product returns. As we accumulate more data related to the resale values of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there may be material changes to their estimated values. 

&#160; 

Inventory Valuation 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles and energy storage products, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. In addition, cost for solar energy systems is recorded using actual cost. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of our future demand forecast, the excess amounts are written-off. 

We also review our inventory to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires us to determine the estimated selling price of our vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 

Should our estimates of future selling prices or production costs change, additional and potentially material write-downs may be required. A small change in our estimates may result in a material charge to our reported financial results. 

Warranties 

We provide a manufacturer&#8217;s warranty on all new and used vehicles and a warranty on the installation and components of the energy generation and storage systems we sell for periods typically between 10 to 25 years. We accrue a warranty reserve for the products sold by us, which includes our best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties and recalls if identified. These estimates are based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales, and changes to our historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty reserve in the future. The warranty reserve does not include projected warranty costs associated with our vehicles subject to operating lease accounting and our solar energy systems under lease contracts or PPAs, as the costs to repair these warranty claims are expensed as incurred. The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within Accrued liabilities and other, while the remaining balance is included within Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of Cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Due to the magnitude of our automotive business, accrued warranty balance is primarily related to our automotive segment. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We use the fair value method of accounting for our stock options and restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) granted to employees and for our employee stock purchase plan (the &#8220;ESPP&#8221;) to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for the stock-based awards. The fair value of stock option awards with only service and/or performance conditions is estimated on the grant or offering date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires inputs such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term and expected volatility. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant judgment. The fair value of RSUs is measured on the grant date based on the closing fair market value of our common stock. The resulting cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the awards, usually the vesting period, which is generally four years for stock options and RSUs and six months for the ESPP. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of actual forfeitures in the period. 

For performance-based awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance milestones when the achievement of each individual performance milestone becomes probable. For performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense associated with each tranche is recognized over the longer of (i) the expected achievement period for the operational milestone for such tranche and (ii) the expected achievement period for the related market capitalization milestone determined on the grant date, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational milestone is considered probable of being achieved. If such operational milestone becomes probable any time after the grant date, we will recognize a cumulative catch-up expense from the grant date to that point in time. If the related market capitalization milestone is achieved earlier than its expected achievement period and the achievement of the related operational milestone, then the stock-based compensation expense will be recognized over the expected achievement period for the operational milestone, which may accelerate the rate at which such expense is recognized. The fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. 

As we accumulate additional employee stock-based awards data over time and as we incorporate market data related to our common stock, we may calculate significantly different volatilities and expected lives, which could materially impact the valuation of our stock-based awards and the stock-based compensation expense that we will recognize in future periods. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded in Cost of revenues, Research and development expense and Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

&#160; 

Income Taxes 

We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We make these estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions that are consistent with our future plans. Tax laws, regulations and administrative practices may be subject to change due to economic or political conditions including fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. The U.S., many countries in the European Union and a number of other countries are actively considering changes in this regard. As of December 31, 2021, we had recorded a full valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets because we expect that it is more likely than not that our U.S. deferred tax assets will not be realized. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted. 

Furthermore, significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. In the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. As a result, we recognize the effect of this uncertainty on our tax attributes or taxes payable based on our estimates of the eventual outcome. These effects are recognized when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are supportable, we believe that it is more likely than not that some of those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. We are required to file income tax returns in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions, which requires us to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions. Such returns are subject to audit by the various federal, state and foreign taxing authorities, who may disagree with respect to our tax positions. We believe that our consideration is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We review and update our estimates in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, the lapse of a statute of limitations or a change in estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from our expectations, such differences may impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. The eventual impact on our income tax expense depends in part if we still have a valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets in the period that such determination is made. 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Results of Operations 

&#160; 

Revenues 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Automotive sales 

&#160; 

$ 

44,125 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

24,604 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

19,358 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

19,521 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

5,246 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Automotive regulatory credits 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,465 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,580 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(115 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Automotive leasing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,642 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,052 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total automotive revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

47,232 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

27,236 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

20,821 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

19,996 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

6,415 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Services and other 

&#160; 

&#160; 

3,802 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,306 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,226 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,496 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total automotive &#38; services and other segment revenue 

&#160; 

&#160; 

51,034 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

29,542 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

23,047 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

21,492 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

6,495 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Energy generation and storage segment revenue 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,789 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,994 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,531 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total revenues 

&#160; 

$ 

53,823 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

31,536 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

24,578 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

22,287 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

6,958 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Automotive &#38; Services and Other Segment 

Automotive sales revenue includes revenues related to cash deliveries of new Model S, Model X, Model 3 and Model Y vehicles, including access to our Supercharger network, internet connectivity, FSD features and over-the-air software updates. Cash deliveries are vehicles that are not subject to lease accounting. 

Automotive regulatory credits includes sales of regulatory credits to other automotive manufacturers. Our revenue from automotive regulatory credits is directly related to our new vehicle production, sales and pricing negotiated with our customers. We monetize them proactively as new vehicles are sold based on standing arrangements with buyers of such credits, typically as close as possible to the production and delivery of the vehicle or changes in regulation impacting the credits. 

Automotive leasing revenue includes the amortization of revenue for vehicles under direct operating lease agreements as well as those sold with resale value guarantees accounted for as operating leases under lease accounting. Additionally, automotive leasing revenue includes direct sales-type leasing programs where we recognize all revenue associated with the sales-type lease upon delivery to the customer. 

Services and other revenue consists of non-warranty after-sales vehicle services, sales of used vehicles, retail merchandise, sales by our acquired subsidiaries to third party customers and vehicle insurance revenue. 

2021 compared to 2020 

Automotive sales revenue increased $19.52 billion, or 79%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase of 433,815 Model 3 and Model Y cash deliveries year over year from production ramping at both Gigafactory Shanghai and the Fremont Factory at a slightly higher combined average selling price from a higher proportion of Model Y sales offset by regional sales mix. Additionally, we had a $365 million net release of our sales return reserve on vehicles sold with resale value guarantees, which increased our automotive sales revenue, due to actual return rates being lower than expected and increases in resale values of our vehicles in 2021. The increases in automotive sales revenue were partially offset by a decrease of 28,819 Model S and Model X cash deliveries at a higher combined average selling price as deliveries of the new versions of Model S and Model X only began ramping in the second and fourth quarters of 2021, respectively. 

Automotive regulatory credits revenue decreased $115 million, or 7%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to changes in regulation which entitled us to additional credits in the prior year and changes in pricing in certain regions. 

Automotive leasing revenue increased $590 million, or 56%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in cumulative vehicles under our direct operating lease program and an increase in direct sales-type leasing revenue as we have a full year of sales in 2021 since we began offering the program during the third quarter of 2020 . These increases were partially offset by the decrease in automotive leasing revenue associated with our resale value guarantee leasing programs accounted for as operating leases as those portfolios have declined. 

Services and other revenue increased $1.50 billion, or 65%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in used vehicle revenue driven by increases in volume and average selling prices of used vehicles, non-warranty maintenance services revenue as our fleet continues to grow and retail merchandise revenue. 

Energy Generation and Storage Segment 

Energy generation and storage revenue includes sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products, services related to such products and sales of solar energy systems incentives. 

&#160; 

2021 compared to 2020 

Energy generation and storage revenue increased by $795 million, or 40%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in deployments of Megapack, solar cash and loan jobs, Powerwall and Solar Roof, partially offset by a decrease in Powerpack deployments as we phase out the product following the introduction of Megapack . 

Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Cost of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Automotive sales 

&#160; 

$ 

32,415 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

19,696 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

15,939 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

12,719 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

3,757 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Automotive leasing 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total automotive cost of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

33,393 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

20,259 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

16,398 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

13,134 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

3,861 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Services and other 

&#160; 

&#160; 

3,906 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,671 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,770 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,235 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

(99 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total automotive &#38; services and other segment cost of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

37,299 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

22,930 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

19,168 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

14,369 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

3,762 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Energy generation and storage segment 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2,918 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,976 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

1,341 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Total cost of revenues 

&#160; 

$ 

40,217 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

24,906 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

20,509 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

15,311 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

4,397 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross profit total automotive 

&#160; 

$ 

13,839 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

6,977 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

4,423 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross margin total automotive 

&#160; 

&#160; 

29.3 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

25.6 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

21.2 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross profit total automotive &#38; services and other segment 

&#160; 

$ 

13,735 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

6,612 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

3,879 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross margin total automotive &#38; services and other segment 

&#160; 

&#160; 

26.9 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

22.4 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

16.8 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross profit energy generation and storage segment 

&#160; 

$ 

(129 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Gross margin energy generation and storage segment 

&#160; 

&#160; 

-4.6 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

0.9 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

12.4 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total gross profit 

&#160; 

$ 

13,606 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

6,630 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

4,069 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Total gross margin 

&#160; 

&#160; 

25.3 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

21.0 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

16.6 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Automotive &#38; Services and Other Segment 

Cost of automotive sales revenue includes direct and indirect materials, labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation costs of tooling and machinery, shipping and logistic costs, vehicle connectivity costs, allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our Supercharger network and reserves for estimated warranty expenses. Cost of automotive sales revenues also includes adjustments to warranty expense and charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. 

Cost of automotive leasing revenue includes the depreciation of operating lease vehicles, cost of goods sold associated with direct sales-type leases and warranty expense related to leased vehicles. Cost of automotive leasing revenue also includes vehicle connectivity costs and allocations of electricity and infrastructure costs related to our Supercharger network for vehicles under our leasing programs. 

Cost of services and other revenue includes costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services, cost of used vehicles including refurbishment costs, costs for retail merchandise, and costs to provide vehicle insurance. Cost of services and other revenue also includes direct parts, material and labor costs and manufacturing overhead associated with the sales by our acquired subsidiaries to third party customers. 

2021 compared to 2020 

Cost of automotive sales revenue increased $12.72 billion, or 65%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase of 433,815 Model 3 and Model Y cash deliveries. Additionally, the net release of our sales return reserve on vehicles sold with resale value guarantees resulted in a corresponding increase of $286 million in cost of automotive sales revenue. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 28,819 Model S and Model X cash deliveries at higher costs per unit due to temporary under-utilization of manufacturing capacity at lower production volumes during our current production ramp of the new versions of Model S and Model X. Additionally, there was a decrease in combined average Model 3 and Model Y costs per unit due to changes in regional production mix as Gigafactory Shanghai has ramped in capacity, where costs are lower from localized procurement and manufacturing in China. 

&#160; 

Cost of automotive leasing revenue increased $415 million, or 74%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in cumulative vehicles under our direct operating lease program and an increase in direct sales-type leasing cost of revenues from more sales in the current year. These increases were partially offset by the decrease in cost of automotive leasing revenue associated with our resale value guarantee leasing programs accounted for as operating leases as those portfolios have declined. 

Cost of services and other revenue increased $1.24 billion, or 46%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase in used vehicle cost of revenue driven by increases in volume and costs of non-Tesla used vehicles, costs to support our increase in non-warranty maintenance services revenue and costs of retail merchandise as our sales have increased. 

Gross margin for total automotive increased from 25.6% in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 29.3% in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to favorable changes in sales and production mix of Model 3 and Model Y as Gigafactory Shanghai has ramped in capacity. The average Model 3 and Model Y costs per unit have decreased significantly due to localized procurement and manufacturing in China despite rising raw material, commodity, logistics and expedite costs. Additionally, our Model Y gross margin has benefitted from shared manufacturing of Model 3 and learnings from the scaling of past products. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of $115 million in sales of regulatory credits, which have negligible incremental costs associated with them. 

Gross margin for total automotive &#38; services and other segment increased from 22.4% in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 26.9% in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the automotive gross margin impacts discussed above and an improvement in our services and other gross margin. Additionally, there was a lower proportion of services and other, which operated at a lower gross margin than our automotive business, within the segment in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. 

Energy Generation and Storage Segment 

Cost of energy generation and storage revenue includes direct and indirect material and labor costs, warehouse rent, freight, warranty expense, other overhead costs and amortization of certain acquired intangible assets. Cost of energy generation and storage revenue also includes charges to write down the carrying value of our inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and to provide for obsolete and on-hand inventory in excess of forecasted demand. In agreements for solar energy system and PPAs where we are the lessor, the cost of revenue is primarily comprised of depreciation of the cost of leased solar energy systems, maintenance costs associated with those systems and amortization of any initial direct costs. 

2021 compared to 2020 

Cost of energy generation and storage revenue increased by $942 million, or 48%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increases in deployments of Solar Roof, solar cash and loan jobs, Megapack and Powerwall, partially offset by reductions in average costs per unit of Solar Roof as deployments have increased and a decrease in Powerpack deployments as we phase out the product following the introduction of Megapack. 

Gross margin for energy generation and storage decreased from 0.9% in the year ended December 31, 2020 to -4.6% in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a higher proportion of Solar Roof in our overall energy business which operated at a lower gross margin as a result of temporary manufacturing underutilization during product ramp despite an improvement in gross margin compared to the prior year and lower Powerpack gross margin as fixed cost absorptions are negatively impacted as we phase out the product following the introduction of Megapack. These decreases were partially offset by a higher proportion of Powerwall in our overall energy business which operated at a higher gross margin as well as an increase in Megapack gross margin as we continue to scale the products. 

Research and Development Expense 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Research and development 

&#160; 

$ 

2,593 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

1,491 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

1,343 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

1,102 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

As a percentage of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Research and development (&#8220;R&#38;D&#8221;) expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our teams in engineering and research, manufacturing engineering and manufacturing test organizations, prototyping expense, contract and professional services and amortized equipment expense. 

&#160; 

R&#38;D expenses increased $1.10 billion, or 74%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to a $506 million increase in employee and labor related expenses due to an increase in headcount, a $263 million increase in R&#38;D expensed materials, a $211 million increase in facilities, outside services, freight and depreciation expense and an $103 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. These increases were to support our expanding product roadmap such as the new versions of Model S and Model X and technologies including our proprietary battery cells and there were additional R&#38;D expenses as we were in the pre-production phases at both Gigafactory Texas and Gigafactory Berlin in the current year. 

R&#38;D expenses as a percentage of revenue remained consistent at 5% in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. R&#38;D expenses increased proportionately with the increase in total revenues from expanding sales. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Selling, general and administrative 

&#160; 

$ 

4,517 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

3,145 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

2,646 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

1,372 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

As a percentage of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Selling, general and administrative (&#8220;SG&#38;A&#8221;) expenses generally consist of personnel and facilities costs related to our stores, marketing, sales, executive, finance, human resources, information technology and legal organizations, as well as fees for professional and contract services and litigation settlements. 

SG&#38;A expenses increased $1.37 billion, or 44%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase is primarily due to an increase of $568 million in employee and labor related expenses from increased headcount and increased payroll taxes due to our higher average share price in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. Additionally, there was $340 million of additional payroll tax due to our CEO's option exercises from the 2012 CEO Performance Award, a $319 million increase in office, information technology, facilities-related expenses, sales and marketing activities and other costs and an increase of $145 million in stock-based compensation expense, of which $72 million was attributable to the 2018 CEO Performance Award. See Note 13, Equity Incentive Plans , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

SG&#38;A expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 10% in the year ended December 31, 2020 to 8% in the year ended December 31, 2021. Our SG&#38;A expenses have decreased as a proportion of total revenues due to operational efficiencies. 

Restructuring and Other Expense 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Restructuring and other 

&#160; 

$ 

(27 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

&#8212; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

(27 

) 

&#160; 

Not meaningful 

&#160; 

$ 

(149 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

As a percentage of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded $101 million of impairment losses on bitcoin. We also realized gains of $128 million in connection with selling a portion of our holdings in March 2021. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , and Note 3, Digital Assets, Net , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 

Interest Expense 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Interest expense 

&#160; 

$ 

(371 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

(748 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

(685 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

(63 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

As a percentage of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Interest expense decreased by $377 million, or 50%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a reduction of $173 million as a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity&#8217;s Own Equity, on January 1, 2021, whereby we have de-recognized the remaining debt discounts on the 2022 Notes and 2024 Notes and therefore no longer recognize any amortization of debt discounts as interest expense, as well as the continued reduction in our overall debt balance. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 

&#160; 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Other income (expense), net 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

(122 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Not meaningful 

&#160; 

$ 

(167 

) 

&#160; 

Not meaningful 

&#160; 

As a percentage of revenues 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Other income (expense), net, consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities and changes in the fair values of our fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps. We expect our foreign exchange gains and losses will vary depending upon movements in the underlying exchange rates. 

Other income (expense), net, changed favorably by $257 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and a $49 million favorable change in the mark-to-market remeasurement of our interest rate swaps. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Provision for income taxes 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

Effective tax rate 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Our provision for income taxes increased by $407 million, or 139%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to the increases in taxable profits within our foreign jurisdictions year over year. 

Our effective tax rate decreased from 25% to 11% in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to growth in pre-tax income and changes in mix of jurisdictional earnings. 

See Note 14, Income Taxes , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2021 vs. 2020 Change 

&#160; 

&#160; 

2020 vs. 2019 Change 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

(16 

) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

&#160; 

$ 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

% 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests decreased by $16 million, or 11%, in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We expect to continue to generate net positive operating cash flow as we have done in the last four fiscal years. The cash we generate from our core operations enables us to fund ongoing operations and production, our research and development projects for new products and technologies including our proprietary battery cells, additional manufacturing ramps at existing manufacturing facilities such as the Fremont Factory, Gigafactory Nevada, Gigafactory Shanghai and Gigafactory New York, the construction and ramp of Gigafactory Berlin and Gigafactory Texas and the continued expansion of our retail and service locations, body shops, Mobile Service fleet, Supercharger network and energy product installation capabilities. 

In addition, because a large portion of our future expenditures will be to fund our growth, we expect that if needed we will be able to adjust our capital and operating expenditures by operating segment. For example, if our near-term manufacturing operations decrease in scale or ramp more slowly than expected, including due to global economic or business conditions, we may choose to correspondingly slow the pace of our capital expenditures. Finally, we continually evaluate our cash needs and may decide it is best to raise additional capital or seek alternative financing sources to fund the rapid growth of our business, including through drawdowns on existing or new debt facilities or financing funds. Conversely, we may also from time to time determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily repay certain indebtedness early. 

Accordingly, we believe that our current sources of funds will provide us with adequate liquidity during the 12-month period following December 31, 2021, as well as in the long-term. 

&#160; 

See the sections below for more details regarding the material requirements for cash in our business and our sources of liquidity to meet such needs. 

Material Cash Requirements 

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with vendors for the purchase of components and raw materials to be used in the manufacture of our products. However, due to contractual terms, variability in the precise growth curves of our development and production ramps, and opportunities to renegotiate pricing, we generally do not have binding and enforceable purchase orders under such contracts beyond the short term, and the timing and magnitude of purchase orders beyond such period is difficult to accurately project. 

As discussed in and subject to the considerations referenced in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Management Opportunities, Challenges and Risks and 2022 Outlook&#8212;Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure Trends in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we currently expect our capital expenditures to support our projects globally to be between $5.00 to $7.00 billion in 2022 and each of the next two fiscal years. In connection with our operations at Gigafactory New York, we have an agreement to spend or incur $5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, costs of goods sold and other costs in the State of New York through December 31, 2029 (pursuant to a deferral of our required timelines to meet such obligations that was granted in April 2021 and which was memorialized in an amendment to our agreement with the SUNY Foundation in August 2021). We also have an operating lease arrangement with the local government of Shanghai pursuant to which we are required to spend RMB 14.08 billion in capital expenditures at Gigafactory Shanghai by the end of 2023. For details regarding these obligations, refer to Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As of December 31, 2021, we and our subsidiaries had outstanding $5.38 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, of which $1.09 billion is scheduled to become due in the succeeding 12 months. As of December 31, 2021, our total minimum lease payments are $4.03 billion, of which $1.04 billion is due in the succeeding 12 months. For details regarding our indebtedness and lease obligations, refer to Note 11, Debt , and Note 12, Leases, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Sources and Conditions of Liquidity 

Our sources to fund our material cash requirements are predominantly from our deliveries and servicing of new and used vehicles, sales and installations of our energy storage products and solar energy systems, proceeds from debt facilities and proceeds from equity offerings, when applicable. 

As of December 31, 2021, we had $17.58 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Balances held in foreign currencies had a U.S. dollar equivalent of $7.22 billion and consisted primarily of Chinese yuan, euros and Canadian dollars. In addition, we had $1.11 billion of unused committed amounts under our credit facilities as of December 31, 2021. Certain of such unused committed amounts are subject to satisfying specified conditions prior to draw-down (such as pledging to our lenders sufficient amounts of qualified receivables, inventories, leased vehicles and our interests in those leases, solar energy systems and the associated customer contracts or various other assets). For details regarding our indebtedness, refer to Note 11, Debt to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We continue adapting our investment strategy to meet our liquidity and risk objectives, such as investing in U.S. government and other marketable securities, digital assets and providing product related financing. In the first quarter of 2021, we invested an aggregate $1.50 billion in bitcoin. The fair market value of our bitcoin holdings as of December 31, 2021 was $1.99 billion. We believe in the long-term potential of digital assets both as an investment and also as a liquid alternative to cash. As with any investment and consistent with how we manage fiat-based cash and cash equivalent accounts, we may increase or decrease our holdings of digital assets at any time based on the needs of the business and our view of market and environmental conditions. However, digital assets may be subject to volatile market prices, which may be unfavorable at the times when we may want or need to liquidate them. Additionally, we held short-term marketable securities of $131 million as of December 31, 2021. 

&#160; 

Summary of Cash Flows 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; 

&#160; 

Year Ended December 31, 

&#160; 

(Dollars in millions) 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

&#160; 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

&#160; 

$ 

11,497 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

5,943 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

2,405 

&#160; 

Net cash used in investing activities 

&#160; 

$ 

(7,868 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

(3,132 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

(1,436 

) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

&#160; 

$ 

(5,203 

) 

&#160; 

$ 

9,973 

&#160; 

&#160; 

$ 

1,529 

&#160; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly affected by our cash investments to support the growth of our business in areas such as research and development and selling, general and administrative and working capital. Our operating cash inflows include cash from vehicle sales and related servicing, customer lease payments, customer deposits, cash from sales of regulatory credits and energy generation and storage products. These cash inflows are offset by our payments to suppliers for production materials and parts used in our manufacturing process, operating expenses, operating lease payments and interest payments on our financings. 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $5.55 billion to $11.50 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021 from $5.94 billion during the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily due to the increase in net income excluding non-cash expenses and gains of $5.22 billion and the overall decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of $334 million. The decrease in our net operating assets and liabilities was mainly driven by a larger increase of accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year from ramp up in production at Gigafactory Shanghai and the Fremont Factory. The decrease in our net operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by larger increases of inventory and operating lease vehicles compared to the prior year. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash flows from investing activities and their variability across each period related primarily to capital expenditures, which were $6.48 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 and $3.16 billion for the year ended December 31, 2020, mainly for the construction of Gigafactory Texas and Gigafactory Berlin and the expansions of Gigafactory Shanghai and the Fremont Factory. Additionally, net cash outflows related to digital assets were $1.23 billion in the year ended December 31, 2021 from purchases of digital assets for $1.50 billion offset by proceeds from sales of digital assets of $272 million. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Cash outflows from financing activities were $5.20 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $9.97 billion net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020. The change was primarily due to no equity offerings in 2021 compared to $12.27 billion of proceeds from issuances of common stock net of issuance costs in 2020, a $3.37 billion increase in net repayments of convertible and other debt compared to the prior year, offset by an increase in proceeds from exercise of stock options and other stock issuances of $290 million and a decrease in collateralized lease repayments of $231 million compared to the prior year. See Note 11, Debt , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our debt obligations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

&#160; 

