 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Salesforce, Inc. (&#8220;Salesforce,&#8221; the &#8220;Company,&#8221; &#8220;we&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;) is a global leader in customer relationship management (&#8220;CRM&#8221;) technology, helping organizations of any size become agentic enterprises. Founded in 1999, we bring humans, agents, applications, and data together on a trusted, unified platform to unlock growth and innovation. 

Our artificial intelligence (&#8220;AI&#8221;) powered Agentforce 360 Platform unites our offerings &#8212; spanning sales, service, marketing, commerce, collaboration, data management, integration, analytics, IT service, industry verticals and more &#8212; on a single, intelligent platform for trusted enterprise execution. We unify and harmonize across systems, applications and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth powering agents, teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient and deliver AI-powered, personalized and automated experiences across every channel. With Agentforce, the agentic layer of the Agentforce 360 Platform, our customers can build and deploy always-on digital labor for employees and customers, leveraging autonomous AI agents across business functions that aim to increase productivity, lower costs and drive operational efficiencies. With Agentforce, AI is embedded in the flow of work &#8212; in the applications that our customers already use every day. Every Agentforce-embedded application now reasons, learns, and takes action alongside users. 

Our service offerings are designed to be flexible, scalable and easy to use. They can generally be configured easily, deployed rapidly and integrated with other platforms and enterprise applications. We sell to businesses worldwide, primarily on a subscription basis, through our direct sales efforts and also indirectly through partners. In addition, we enable third parties to use our platform and developer tools to create additional functionality and new applications that run on our platform, which are sold separately from, or in conjunction with, our service offerings. 

Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability &#8211; all of which are grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks that guide and inform our business. Foremost among these is trust, which is paramount and the foundation for everything we do, and is also firmly rooted in compliance with applicable laws governing security, privacy, data protection and operational integrity. Our customers expect to trust and rely on our technology to meet the high enterprise-grade standards of security, privacy, performance, legal compliance and availability at scale. Customer success is at the core of our business, and we align the entire company around our customers&#8217; needs, promoting their success and delivering value while upholding applicable laws, contractual obligations and industry regulations and standards. Innovation is fundamental to our mission, empowering and enabling our customers to stay ahead in their industries and driving technological advancements in line with evolving laws, standards and guidelines. Equality is a legal and ethical mandate and a core tenet that informs how we operate. Our commitment to equal opportunity is anchored in applicable laws, statutes, regulations and principles. We value the equality of every individual at our company and in our communities and are dedicated to fostering a workplace that complies with these protections, creating an inclusive culture where every individual feels seen, heard and valued. Finally, we are committed to creating a more sustainable and nature-positive future for all. Our products and services help our customers meet their own sustainability and compliance priorities, guided by applicable environmental and sustainability-related laws, corporate social responsibility frameworks and legal requirements. By grounding our values in legal and regulatory principles, we reinforce our opportunity and responsibility to uphold high integrity and robust ethical standards, ensuring that trust, fairness, and compliance remain central to everything we seek to do. 

We believe that our values, grounded in legal and regulatory frameworks, create value, and the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet and the communities in which we work and live. Salesforce is committed to giving back to our communities, helping businesses grow while protecting the environment for future generations, and transparent environmental, social and governance disclosures. We believe we have a broad responsibility to society, and we aspire to create a framework for the ethical and humane use of technology that not only drives the success of our customers, but also upholds the basic human rights of every individual. 

Our Service Offerings 

We believe every business, in every industry, must become an Agentic Enterprise creating agent-first experiences that increase efficiency, boost productivity, and drive growth for customers, employees, and partners. We view Salesforce to be uniquely positioned to lead customers through this transformation. By integrating data, metadata, applications and agents, we have created a deeply unified platform for the Agentic Enterprise, with humans at the center. Central to this ecosystem is Slack, which serves as the primary conversational interface, allowing users to interact with Agentforce-embedded applications and autonomous agents within their natural flow of work. These Agentforce-embedded applications are infused with agentic capabilities that turn workflows into personalized, intelligent, autonomous experiences&#8212;so customers and employees can move faster, make better decisions, and achieve more value. 

Our service offerings are designed to work together and include: 

Agentforce Sales. Our Agentforce Sales offering is an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams sell faster and smarter, and to efficiently manage and automate entire sales processes. It provides sales capabilities and tools built for an entire sales organization &#8211; across prospecting, sales engagement, team collaboration, sales analytics and AI, sales programs, sales performance, partner management, and revenue and orders. With our Sales offering, businesses can create lifelong customers by connecting their entire organization and unifying all data sources on a single integrated platform. Further, with Agentforce for Sales, customers can build a sales team augmented by a digital labor force and empower every seller with their own AI agent to help accelerate productivity and drive growth. 

Agentforce Service. Our Agentforce Service offering enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer, employee, IT and field service needs onto one integrated, AI-powered platform to deliver trusted, highly personalized customer support at scale. It also helps our customers maximize productivity, resolve cases faster and improve customer satisfaction by automating routine tasks. With Agentforce for Service, customers can tap the power of digital labor to handle low-touch interactions and help their teams with high-touch tasks, unlocking new levels of efficiency. Agentforce automatically routes cases to the best service agent for the job, responds to customers with personalized, relevant answers grounded in company data and performs tasks like auto-summarizing support cases and field work orders. Our service offering also provides a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers and mobile employees through one centralized platform, on which they can intelligently schedule and dispatch work as well as track and manage jobs. 

Agentforce 360 Platform, Slack and Other. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables companies of all industries, sizes, and locations to build business workflows, applications and AI agents on a single, comprehensive platform to help automate processes, boost efficiency, increase productivity and reduce information technology costs. It facilitates development with no-code and low-code tools that are easy to use and free to learn, empowering teams to build trusted applications, workflows, AI agents and much more. Our Trust Layer is built into the Platform to help customers safely use their data and set guardrails on what AI agents do with that data. The Agentforce 360 Platform is built on Hyperforce, our infrastructure that helps customers manage data governance and compliance at a local level, all over the world. Our technology partners help customers to add the applications and agents they need and utilize the data lakes and other infrastructure they have already invested in. With our open, extensible Agentforce 360 Platform, customers can integrate and build with any data or partner application they choose to make the Agentforce 360 Platform work for their business. 

Data 360 . Data 360 is Salesforce&#8217;s hyperscale, trusted data engine that gives AI agents their context and serves as the foundation for how customers unify our service offerings making their data actionable for both humans and agents. It connects enterprise data from across clouds, systems, and channels utilizing zero-copy technology to access external data sources without the need for duplication. This architecture unifies, cleans, and harmonizes the data into a single, governed source of truth that agents can reliably understand and act on. Through real-time ingestion, transformation, indexing, and retrieval-augmented generation, Data 360 turns both structured records and unstructured content&#8212;emails, documents, conversations, and events&#8212;into usable, searchable intelligence. This gives AI agents the customer and business context they need to reason accurately, personalize interactions, and make better decisions in the moment. By leveraging Data 360&#8217;s metadata and trust framework, Data 360 is designed to make every data point permissioned, governed, and compliant, so agents see only what they are allowed to see and act only within approved boundaries. 

Informatica . The acquisition of Informatica closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, significantly expanding our trusted data foundations. Informatica is an enterprise-grade, AI-powered data management platform that enables customers to discover, integrate, govern, and deliver trusted data at scale across hybrid and multi-cloud environments. It provides comprehensive capabilities for data integration, quality, governance, master data and metadata management, and catalog services that connect and harmonize data from any source&#8212;whether on-premises, cloud-based, or within legacy systems. By leveraging Informatica's agentic and metadata-driven architecture, customers can break down data silos with confidence in data quality and compliance, and establish a unified foundation for enterprise AI. Informatica extends our data connectivity beyond native integrations, enabling customers to bring enterprise data from complex, distributed systems into Salesforce and Data 360 while autonomously maintaining governance, lineage, and security controls across the entire data lifecycle. 

Slack. Our Slack offering is the conversational interface for the Agentic Enterprise where people and agents work together, connecting knowledge, actions, and data in real time. Slack centralizes conversations and collaboration, automates business processes, makes search and knowledge sharing seamless, and delivers trusted generative and agentic AI that augments employees so they can work smarter, make decisions faster, and drive real outcomes. Slack is also deeply integrated with every Salesforce offering, including Agentforce. We recently introduced Slackbot, a trusted, out-of-the-box personalized employee agent in Slack that can find answers, organize work, create content, schedule meetings, and take action. 

Agentforce . Agentforce enables customers to build, deploy, and manage enterprise-grade, autonomous AI agents at scale, enabling humans and agents to work together. Agentforce connects AI models directly to execution, handling workflows. Agents built on Agentforce can access live business data through Data 360, follow company policies defined in Salesforce metadata, and take action through Salesforce applications and MuleSoft Application Programming Interfaces (&#8220;APIs&#8221;). All of our customers&#8217; deterministic business logic, workflows, and policies are instantly accessible to agents, without requiring 

customers to remove and rebuild existing processes. Agents know the jobs to be done, and the steps needed to complete them, which greatly reduces complexity and speeds time to value. By pairing Large Language Model (&#8220;LLM&#8221;) reasoning with deterministic logic, Agentforce delivers more accurate, reliable outcomes within our trust layer. Agentforce is infused across every Salesforce application, so intelligence is embedded directly into the workflows where work actually happens. Instead of switching between tools, people can collaborate with agents inside and across the systems they already use every day, using natural language, across the majority of communication channels, including voice, chat and Slack. Every agent operates within defined permissions with full observability, governance, and auditability. Organizations can see what agents are doing, measure their performance, understand why decisions were made and intervene when needed. Teams can manage the complete agent development lifecycle with a set of tools to build, test, deploy, manage and orchestrate AI agents at scale. At its core, Agentforce powers the Agentic Enterprise&#8212;where humans set direction and values, and agents execute with speed, precision, and trust. 

Agentforce Marketing and Agentforce Commerce. 

Marketing. Our Marketing offering is a complete marketing platform designed to help customers personalize engagement across the customer lifecycle. By connecting departments through actionable data and autonomous AI agents, we empower teams to work together to build lasting customer relationships. With Agentforce for Marketing, marketers can save time on every step of the campaign process by generating briefs, content, and journeys, as well as optimizing performance and spend with actionable insights and predictive AI. With unified, 360-degree customer profiles, marketers and AI agents can easily build segments, calculate insights, analyze performance, and power AI recommendations, decisioning and automations. Agentforce for Marketing transforms traditional channels into two-way conversations, and enables teams to seamlessly provide next-best-offer recommendations for sales, support customer retention through proactive promotions, and re-engage inactive shoppers. 

Commerce. Our Commerce offering helps connect every aspect of commerce&#8212;from marketing and sales to service and fulfillment&#8212;on a single, connected, AI-powered platform, enabling brands to deliver personalized, seamless shopping experiences across every customer touchpoint. With Agentforce for Commerce, brands can autonomously manage a range of tasks with AI agents, such as product recommendations and order lookup, helping to boost capacity and productivity across marketing, commerce, merchandising, and store operations. With trusted AI and AI agents, businesses can generate product descriptions and web pages, and deliver personalized shopping assistance using natural language. Native integrations between our Commerce, Sales, Service and Marketing offerings enable brands to tackle complex challenges and build cohesive digital experiences. Additionally, our Commerce offering delivers click-to-code tools, which provide customers with the ability to quickly build and deploy our solutions around their customers as markets, industries, and customers evolve. 

Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics. 

Integration. Our unified Integration, Automation, and API Management offerings, powered by MuleSoft, provide the essential building blocks to deliver AI-powered, end-to-end, connected experiences and faster innovation. Customers use MuleSoft across their systems to connect data, take action on their data using no-code or low-code automations across any system, and scale API governance to help secure and monitor all of their data in transit. MuleSoft Agent Fabric allows organizations to manage, govern, and observe agents regardless of where they were built or where they run, and provides a central registry to discover and reuse agents across the enterprise. 

Analytics . Our analytics offerings, including Tableau, provide advanced, end-to-end solutions that turn data into insight and action for a wide range of business use cases, powered by agentic AI. Built on the Agentforce 360 Platform, Tableau enables customers to visualize, analyze, and act on data from any source, and continuously surface trends, predict outcomes, and deliver recommendations. Tableau Semantics, integrated into Data 360, translates data into business language, driving more accurate responses and relevant insights. Agentforce agents can trigger actions directly from Tableau such as updating a forecast, launching a campaign, or escalating a customer issue. Tableau analytics can be surfaced natively within Salesforce applications, including Slack, lowering the barriers of actionable analytics for everyone. 

Other Salesforce Offerings 

In addition to our solution specific service offerings, we have specialized solutions that work across our offerings to support our customers&#8217; business needs. These additional service offerings include: 

Industries . Our industry vertical offerings meet the specific needs of our customers across different industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive and government. Each of our distinct industry offerings provide out-of-the-box, Agentforce-powered capabilities that enable industry customers to leverage the full Agentforce 360 Platform with purpose-built tools that address industry-specific needs and provide the speed and flexibility to keep up with changing times and customer demands. Salesforce&#8217;s industry offerings also includes Industries AI &#8211; a suite of capabilities for more than 200 industries and a library with resources on how to get started for every industry offering. Industries AI serves as the foundation for creating industry-specific AI agents with Agentforce that can be set up in minutes, work around the clock, and autonomously perform industry-specific business tasks and actions. 

Salesforce Starter. We offer Starter Suite, an all-in-one, easy-to-use solution for small and medium-size businesses that brings sales, service, marketing and commerce together. Starter Suite helps businesses launch Salesforce quickly and easily, so they can save time, boost productivity, and manage relationships with all of their customer operations in one centralized location. Starter Suite allows businesses to build a trusted foundation of customer data for advanced AI technology to support efficient business growth. 

Business Benefits of Using Our Solutions 

The key advantages of our solutions include the following: 

&#8226; an industry-leading, AI-powered deeply unified platform to create an Agentic Enterprise for business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee for the all-digital, work-from-anywhere world; 

&#8226; scalable, efficient and flexible solutions for any size company or industry; 

&#8226; a single source of truth that connects customer data across systems, applications and devices to help companies sell, service, market and conduct commerce from anywhere; 

&#8226; the ability to unlock companies&#8217; customer data across their business, see and understand their data with advanced analytics, make predictions with pervasive AI, automate tasks and personalize every interaction; 

&#8226; the ability to infuse trusted AI in the flow of work and create AI agents that help make the customer experience more intelligent, automated and personalized, and enhance employee productivity; 

&#8226; the ability to collaborate easily with customers, employees, partners and systems; 

&#8226; modern low-code and no-code tools powered by leading edge AI, which empowers developers and business users to create digital experiences, build agents and configure and automate business processes to fit the needs of any business, accelerating time to value; 

&#8226; the ability to accelerate adoption and drive results with purpose-built, compliant tools and processes that deliver out-of-the-box functionality, security and interoperability; and 

&#8226; an enterprise application and agent marketplace and a community of tens of millions of Trailblazers who are passionate developers, admins and experts that use Salesforce to innovate and extend the platform with thousands of partner applications. 

Our Business and Growth Strategy 

We continue to expand in the growing addressable markets across all of our service offerings. We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and increasing our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We orient our business strategy and invest for future growth by focusing on the following key priorities: 

Expand relationships with existing customers. We see significant opportunities to deepen existing customer relationships through cross-selling and upselling our service offerings. For example, we continue to focus on driving adoption of multiple service offerings, which provides our customers with a one-stop-shop for their front-office business technology needs. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers&#8217; experience with new products and features and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Finally, we aim to expand our relationships with existing customers through our additional support offerings. 

Increase geographic reach. By extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions. We will continue to pursue businesses of all sizes in most major markets globally. We also plan to continue to develop distribution channels through new and existing marketplaces and partners for our solutions around the globe and new go-to-market strategies. We continue to invest in our domestic and international operations and infrastructure to deliver the highest-quality service to our customers around the world. 

Focus on industries and new products. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative and value-driven solutions in new categories based on our existing and potential customers&#8217; needs. For example, we provide out-of-the-box solutions specifically built for customers in certain industries, such as financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing and more. In addition, through direct discussions and strategic engagements with our customers, we are able to deliver the innovations and enhancements that align with the needs of our customers. 

Leverage our partner ecosystem. The Agentforce 360 Platform enables customers, independent software vendors (&#8220;ISVs&#8221;) and third-party developers to create, test and deliver cloud-based applications. These applications can be marketed and sold on the AppExchange, our enterprise cloud marketplace, or sold directly by software vendors. In addition, we rely on our consulting partners to deliver technology solutions and expertise to customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators (&#8220;SIs&#8221;), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries. 

Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers&#8217; digital 

transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions. 

Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments 

We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Agentforce 360 Platform. Our evaluation seeks to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy, represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and presents a clear timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash and debt, to complete acquisitions. 

We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company&#8217;s initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. 

Technology, Development and Operations 

We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. 

We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. We continue to invest in and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers autonomy and control over data residency. 

Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. 

Competition 

The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. 

Our current competitors include: 

&#8226; vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 

&#8226; AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; 

&#8226; software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 

&#8226; vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI software and service vendors; 

&#8226; productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and 

&#8226; traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented applications, that run on the customers&#8217; current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. 

We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we operate. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets with new offerings. 

Customers 

We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2026, 2025 or 2024. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. 

Customer Service and Support 

We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-offering and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. To further accelerate technical delivery, we utilize Forward Deployed Engineers (&#8220;FDEs&#8221;) who work side-by-side with our customers. FDEs are embedded within customer teams to build tailored AI agents, integrate complex data streams, and ensure that our latest innovations, such as Agentforce, are operationalized rapidly within the customer's unique technical environment. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. 

Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we have made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even more intuitive experience on our Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately with answers grounded in our trusted, unstructured content unified in Data 360. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our support engineers are able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way. 

Sales and Marketing 

We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self-service offerings. 

To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, system integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services. 

We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: 

&#8226; multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a broader customer journey; 

&#8226; in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; 

&#8226; live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the AI-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; 

&#8226; press and industry analyst relations to garner third-party validation and generate positive coverage for our company, brand, service offerings and value proposition; 

&#8226; partner co-marketing activities with global and regional implementation partners; 

&#8226; customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and transform their businesses using the Agentforce 360 Platform; 

&#8226; in-person and virtual technology event sponsorships; and 

&#8226; event partnerships with high-profile global brands and organizations. 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms. 

Human Capital Management 

Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust and success of our customers. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition and numerous awards across the globe. 

As of January 31, 2026, we had 83,334 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils and/or labor unions. 

We have continued to invest in equality initiatives, employee impact programs, and workforce development, supported by strong employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. For additional information on our workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: 

Equality 

We are committed to our longstanding core value of equality &#8211; equal opportunities, equal pay for equal work, and the dignity of every person. Our approach to equality is rooted in compliance with federal laws and regulations. We are committed to upholding these legal standards to foster a fair and inclusive workplace. By adhering to these requirements, we support a work environment where all individuals are treated equitably, have access to opportunities, and are protected from discrimination. 

Talent and Career Development 

We offer a comprehensive portfolio of talent development programs that foster a culture of continuous learning and enable employees to grow with evolving business needs. Our internal talent marketplace, Career Connect, facilitates internal mobility and structured career development plans, while our global learning platform, Trailhead, provides personalized, role-specific content. To help prepare for future-readiness, we anchor development around our Top 10 Enterprise Skills - from Agent &#38; AI Literacy to Strategic Problem Solving - which are embedded into our development processes and quarterly check-ins. These Enterprise Skills are also the foundation of our 4R&#8217;s strategy - redesign, reskill, redeploy and rebalance. We want to help our employees build the right skills for the future and afford them the opportunity to grow, learn and be relevant based on the market and business needs. We support external learning through tuition reimbursement and offer structured onboarding, leadership development, and mentorship initiatives. These programs empower employees at all levels to lead and perform effectively in our dynamic environment. 

Total Rewards 

We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units and options. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $10,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. 

Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct 

Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values, which remain the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act with integrity, including treating others with compassion and respect. 

Employee Engagement and Satisfaction 

Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including all-company meetings and our daily newsletter, The Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. We also encourage engagement beyond the workplace through our volunteering program, which enables employees to use their time, talent, and resources to make a meaningful impact in their communities. Employees receive seven paid days of volunteer time off each year to support causes that are personal to them. Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential survey measuring employee engagement and experience, the health of our culture, and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we seek to understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company. 

Government Regulation 

We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Additional information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; 

Available Information 

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com. 



 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Other events, factors or uncertainties that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. 

Risk Factor Summary 

Operational and Execution Risks 

&#8226; Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, or other third-party vendors, or the underlying Internet infrastructure that cause unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto. 

&#8226; Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services. 

&#8226; Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements. 

&#8226; An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions. 

&#8226; Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity. 

&#8226; Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates. 

&#8226; Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization. 

&#8226; Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States. 

&#8226; A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges for sales efforts to larger enterprise customers. 

&#8226; Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth. 

&#8226; Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications. 

Strategic and Industry Risks 

&#8226; An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate. 

&#8226; Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments. 

&#8226; An inability to maintain and enhance our brands. 

&#8226; Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio. 

&#8226; Any discontinuance by third-party developers and vendors in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content. 

&#8226; Social, ethical, and regulatory issues, including the development, deployment, use or capabilities of AI in our offerings. 

&#8226; The evolving landscape related to environmental, social and governance matters. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

&#8226; Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory developments. 

&#8226; Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards. 

&#8226; Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. 

&#8226; Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights. 

&#8226; Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. 

&#8226; Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability. 

Financial Risks 

&#8226; Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription. 

&#8226; Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts. 

&#8226; Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments. 

&#8226; Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 

&#8226; Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations. 

Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

&#8226; Fluctuations in our quarterly results. 

&#8226; Volatility in our stock price and associated litigation. 

&#8226; Provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management. 

General Risks 

&#8226; Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions. 

&#8226; The occurrence of natural disasters and other catastrophic events beyond our control. 

&#8226; The long-term impact of climate change on our business. 

Operational and Execution Risks 

If our security measures, or those of our third-party data center providers, cloud computing platform providers, customers, partners, other third-party vendors or the underlying Internet infrastructure, are breached or otherwise compromised, resulting in the unauthorized access to, disclosure, alteration, corruption, destruction or loss of customer data, our data or our IT systems, or disruption of authorized access thereto, our services may be perceived as insecure, customers may reduce or terminate their use of our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal liability, regulatory scrutiny or a negative financial impact. 

Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers&#8217; and our customers&#8217; customers&#8217; proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure have in the past and may in the future be breached or compromised, including, for example, as a result of the following: 

&#8226; attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, partners, or third-party vendors to disclose sensitive information to gain unauthorized access to our or our customers&#8217; data or IT systems; 

&#8226; efforts by threat actors, including criminal organizations, state-sponsored actors and nation-states, to launch coordinated cyberattacks or supply chain attacks on our infrastructure or that of our third-party vendors, including through ransomware, destructive malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or exploitation of previously unknown &#8220;zero-day&#8221; vulnerabilities; 

&#8226; attempts to misuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious; 

&#8226; vulnerabilities arising from new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquisitions, enhancements and updates to our existing products, and the adoption and deployment of AI technologies within our products, services, internal systems, which may introduce novel security, data governance, or operational risks; 

&#8226; vulnerabilities in products or components within the broad ecosystem in which our services operate and upon which they depend; 

&#8226; attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the underlying networks and services that power the Internet on which our products depend, most of which are not under our control or the control of our third-party vendors, partners or customers; and 

&#8226; employee or contractor errors, omissions or intentional acts that compromise our security systems. 

Although we devote significant resources to protecting our data and IT systems, we can provide no assurances that our security measures, including systems and processes designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our customers&#8217; and our customers&#8217; customers&#8217; proprietary and sensitive data, will be effective or that a material cybersecurity incident will not occur. Our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following: 

&#8226; evolving and increasingly sophisticated techniques used to breach or disrupt IT systems and infrastructure, including the use or exploitation of AI technologies by threat actors to accelerate, scale or personalize cyberattacks, which may increase speed and effectiveness and limit our ability to anticipate, detect or mitigate such threats; 

&#8226; the increasing complexity of our internal IT systems as we integrate acquired businesses and adopt new technologies and data-sharing models; and 

&#8226; our limited control over our customers, partners, and third-party vendors (including those authorized by customers to access their data), or over the processing of data by such third parties, which may limit our ability to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. 

In the normal course of business, we and our customers are and have been the target of malicious cyberattacks and other security threats. Although to date we have not identified any security incidents involving our systems that have had a material financial impact on us, there can be no assurance that future incidents will not be material or significant. As our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other security threats. Additionally, as AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, continue to evolve, threat actors are using and exploiting these technologies to enhance the sophistication, scale, speed and effectiveness of security threats that may be more difficult to detect and defend against. Any delay in detecting, containing, or remediating a cybersecurity incident may result in additional harm, and in certain cases the full scope and impact of any such incident may not be immediately apparent. 

A cybersecurity incident could result in unauthorized access to, or the loss or denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or those of our customers, including intellectual property and other proprietary, sensitive or confidential information. We are subject to contractual, regulatory and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of certain security incidents. For example, SEC rules require disclosure on Form 8-K of the nature, scope and timing of any material cybersecurity incident and the reasonably likely impact of such incident. Assessing whether an incident is material or reportable may require complex judgment and investigation, and disclosure of an incident may itself adversely affect our reputation, customer relationships and exposure to legal or regulatory proceedings. A security incident or related disclosure could result in loss of confidence in the security of our services, harm our reputation, negatively impact future sales, disrupt our business operations, increase insurance premiums and result in legal, regulatory and financial liability. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of cybersecurity attacks, particularly for sophisticated attacks, which may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about the incident to our customers, regulators and the public. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. In addition, prevention, detection, investigation and remediation of actual or suspected vulnerabilities or incidents, including determining whether notification or disclosure is required, may not be straightforward, may result in significant direct and indirect costs, including increased infrastructure and security spending and the diversion of resources from development activities. 

Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. 

We have in the past and may in the future identify defects in or experience disruptions to our services. Such issues may arise in a variety of circumstances, including from customers using our services in unanticipated ways that disrupt access for other customers; from employee, contractor or other third-party action or inaction; or from the complexity of our services, which incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software and third-party and open-source software. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. 

We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our, our customers&#8217;, or third-party vendors&#8217; products and components, which may create vulnerabilities that inadvertently permit unauthorized access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such defects or vulnerabilities will not occur in the future, have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open-source, proprietary or third-party products and components can persist even after security patches have been issued if updates are not timely implemented or if threat actors exploit vulnerabilities before remediation is complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets. 

Since our customers rely on our products and services for important aspects of their operations, errors, defects, service disruptions or other performance issues have in the past adversely impacted our customers and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew their services, delay or withhold payment or make warranty or other claims against us. Such outcomes could reduce future sales, increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, increase collection cycles and expose us to litigation and related expenses. 

Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, as well as Internet infrastructure, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 

We rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries, as well as the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet, to deliver our products and services and operate critical business systems. We also rely on hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by third parties in order to offer our products and services, including database software, hardware and data from multiple vendors. Any disruption, degradation or failure of our systems, or those of the third parties on which we rely, could result in service interruptions and harm our business. We have experienced service interruptions and interruptions may occur in the future. As our reliance on these third-party systems increases, and particularly on third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to service interruptions and performance or quality issues may also increase. Service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to assert warranty or other claims or terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, which could reduce revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers perceive our services as unreliable. 

For many of our offerings, our production environment and customer data are replicated at geographically separate facilities. Certain offerings, including those added through acquisitions, may be delivered through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from events outside of our control, such as natural disasters or supply chain disruptions. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, unanticipated events, problems, operational failures 

or other disruptions could result in prolonged service interruptions, and there can be no assurance that such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost, in a timely manner or at all. 

The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use such hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or delay the provision of our services until equivalent technology is either developed internally or obtained from third parties and integrated into our systems. There can be no assurance that such replacement technology would be available or implemented in a timely manner or at all. 

As we scale our operations, the volume and nature of data processed by our offerings continue to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity, computing power and energy requirements, may increase as a result. Additionally, increased energy consumption, including as a result of AI adoption, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain, including for data centers. If we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, whether due to insufficient infrastructure capacity or for other reasons outside of our control, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses, subject us to litigation and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers&#8217; data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business. 

As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. 

As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements in the future, which may involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 

&#8226; potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all; 

&#8226; potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products or technologies that expose us to additional cybersecurity risks, delay integration into our service offerings, or create challenges in increasing or maintaining the security standards of the acquired technologies; 

&#8226; difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms; 

&#8226; brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies; 

&#8226; challenges converting the acquired company&#8217;s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including both consumption- and subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue; 

&#8226; in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges with integrating operations across different cultures and languages and addressing the particular economic, currency, political, cybersecurity, regulatory and market risks associated with certain countries; 

&#8226; operational and financial difficulties and strains on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel (including cultural integration and retention of employees); 

&#8226; regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations; 

&#8226; challenges with maintaining the acquired company&#8217;s customers, partners and third-party service providers; 

&#8226; known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation; 

&#8226; difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 

&#8226; negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets; 

&#8226; additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; 

&#8226; ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; and 

&#8226; the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities. 

Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. If we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or taking out loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect our stock price. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Informatica, we entered into the Informatica Credit Agreements on an unsecured basis. In November 2025, the Company borrowed the full $6.0 billion available under the Informatica Credit Agreements to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition, repay existing indebtedness of Informatica and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees, costs, and expenses. For more information, see Note 9 &#8220;Debt&#8221; to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part 2. 

Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. 

Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 

We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, agentic AI and other technologies, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, address the needs of our customers, develop and enhance our services, expand into new geographic areas and support continued growth. These investments will increase our cost base, making it more difficult to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations. 

We regularly upgrade or replace our software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations could be negatively impacted. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal 2026, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system (&#8220;ERP&#8221;). Among other things, our ERP is essential to our financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs, and any unforeseen problems with our new ERP or in migrating away from previous systems and processes could harm our ability to manage our business. 

Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. We must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. Furthermore, new AI offerings and technologies, which are integrated into our operations, may disrupt workforce needs and could adversely affect our operations if not managed properly. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline. 

If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they reduce subscriptions at renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suffer. If customer usage of consumption-based offerings is below expected levels, our revenue could decline. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates or optimal pricing for consumption-based contracts, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect our stock price. 

Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. Our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction, customers&#8217; spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes, such as the increased prevalence of consumption-based pricing models and economic downturns. 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a 

number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to price changes related to these additional features and services. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data 360, remain relatively new and uncertain and may present additional risks and challenges. 

Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth. 

We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our operating results. Further, any significant change to our sales organization&#8217;s compensation structure may be disruptive and negatively affect our operating results. 

Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. 

We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include: 

&#8226; regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies, or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; 

&#8226; localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 

&#8226; regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; 

&#8226; pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; 

&#8226; foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results; 

&#8226; compliance with complex and evolving governmental laws and regulations, such as those governing AI; 

&#8226; liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; 

&#8226; vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation; 

&#8226; treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to and paying withholding taxes under foreign tax laws; 

&#8226; uncertainty regarding changes in trade policies, including trade wars, the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, as well as any retaliatory actions; 

&#8226; perceptions of U.S.-based companies in the regions where we operate or plan to operate; 

&#8226; perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm; 

&#8226; different pricing environments; 

&#8226; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

&#8226; different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and 

&#8226; longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties. 

Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise succeed. 

Sales to larger enterprise customers may involve more time-consuming and expensive sales cycles, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and, for some complex transactions, delayed revenue recognition, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 

We may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales to large enterprise customers, including governmental entities and customers in regulated industries. In these market segments, the customer&#8217;s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as address other concerns, such as heightened privacy and data protection requirements. 

In addition, larger enterprise customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. These sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. 

Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business. 

We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth. 

Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, and development and operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and changes in our management team or the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business. 

The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and development and operations personnel. We have experienced challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, particularly for engineers with experience in AI, and may not be successful in recruiting or retaining such talent. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives intended to improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth, which have included a workforce reduction, select data center exits, and office space reductions within certain markets. These restructuring actions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees. 

In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including workforce and office space reductions related to our restructuring actions, we have experienced and may continue to experience difficulties maintaining our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth. 

Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. 

Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer&#8217;s dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure or perceived 

failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position. 

Strategic and Industry Risks 

The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 

The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms. 

Our current competitors include: 

&#8226; vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 

&#8226; AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; 

&#8226; software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 

&#8226; vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or AI software and service vendors; 

&#8226; productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and 

&#8226; traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI-augmented applications, that run on the customers&#8217; current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. 

In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our service offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers&#8217; demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, as we continue to increasingly build AI into many of our offerings, we face more competition as AI technologies are increasingly integrated into the markets in which we compete. New AI offerings may disrupt our service offerings or transform workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or our competitors may be able to incorporate AI into their offerings more efficiently or successfully than we are able to and achieve greater and faster adoption. Even if our products and services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our products and services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business. 

Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business. 

Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce and Data 360, remain relatively new and uncertain and our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we offer certain products, including Agentforce and Data 360, through a consumption-based business model and may increase the number of products through which we do so. We have limited experience with determining optimal pricing for our consumption-based contracts and may have lower levels of customer consumption of our products than we expect which may 

result in suboptimal pricing. Further, the introduction of future platform changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth. 

If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including its timely completion and introduction and market acceptance, as well as our ability to integrate all our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and on a variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms, we need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in these technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely. 

Additionally, if we fail to timely anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments, or if we do not devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications to existing platforms or technologies, including text messaging capabilities within these platforms, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands. 

We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base of customers, partners and employees. Our brand strength depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers&#8217; success even as we scale and expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made and may in the future make substantial investments to expand or improve our product offerings and services, including our investments in data and AI technologies, or we may enter new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 

Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. 

We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience unforeseen reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early- to late-stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company&#8217;s initial public offering. Investments in early-stage companies are inherently speculative, as these companies may not yet be revenue-generating and could still be in the process of developing their products and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. Our investments may face challenges from regulatory authorities potentially resulting in unexpected costs, delays, or unfavorable conditions imposed on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. 

We are exposed to volatility in our operating results due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The measurement of our non-marketable equity securities at fair value is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical conflict, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions. 

If third-party developers and vendors do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or if our customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, our business could be harmed. 

Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and vendors to build applications and provide integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued development of these applications and provision of such integrations, data and content, both current and potential customers may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security or integrity of the data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our business. 

Social, ethical, and regulatory issues, including the development, deployment, use or capabilities of AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm, legal liability and increased compliance costs. 

Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt, on social and ethical issues, particularly regarding the development, deployment or use of our products, may be viewed as controversial by employees, customers, potential customers, or regulators who have varied, evolving and oftentimes conflicting expectations. These perceptions have in the past, and may in the future, impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers and may result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Our decisions about whether to conduct business with potential customers, or whether to continue or expand relationships with existing customers, may also impact our stakeholder relationships and reputation. Actions taken by our customers or employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or technologies for unlawful activities, improper information sharing or other harmful purposes, may result in reputational harm, regulatory scrutiny or legal liability. Regulatory frameworks such as the EU Digital Services Act (&#8220;DSA&#8221;), the EU AI Act and other rapidly evolving and sometimes conflicting global laws and regulations related to AI, privacy and consumer protection could increase compliance costs, restrict features or data flows, delay launches and expose us to penalties or litigation. 

We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, including generative and agentic AI. As with many technical innovations, AI offerings, such as Agentforce, and our Agentforce 360 Platform present additional risks and challenges that could affect customer adoption and therefore our business. For example, the development and deployment of AI offerings, including those involving information regarding our customers&#8217; customers, raise emerging ethical, legal and operational considerations. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment or other social concerns, we may experience new or heightened governmental or regulatory scrutiny, investigations, enforcement actions, fines or penalties and reputational or competitive harm. 

As we develop and deploy AI applications in our products and services, including in customer-facing contexts, the speed, scale and complexity of related data processing may increase. AI applications may be targeted or misused, or may perform in ways that are inaccurate, biased, unreliable or otherwise harmful, or that implicate personal or proprietary data in ways that may be difficult to anticipate, detect or control. Such issues could result in regulatory scrutiny, litigation, contractual disputes, loss of customer trust or reputational harm. 

Inadequate or ineffective AI development, testing, deployment, content labeling, governance, monitoring or oversight, whether by us or others, could result in our AI applications not operating as intended or with reduced functionality, reduced acceptance of our products and services or diminished confidence in the decisions, predictions, analysis or other content that our AI applications produce. Such risks may be heightened as AI applications are integrated into a broader range of our products and services. This could subject us to regulatory scrutiny, competitive harm, legal liability and reputational damage. 

We may rely in part on third-party models, datasets, cloud infrastructure or other technologies in developing or offering certain AI applications. Our reliance on such third parties exposes us to risks relating to performance, availability, security vulnerabilities, intellectual property claims, licensing restrictions, cost increases or changes in terms of service. If a third-party provider modifies, suspends or terminates access to its models, data or infrastructure, or if such technologies fail to perform as expected, our ability to offer, scale or support certain AI applications may be adversely affected, and we may incur additional costs to mitigate such impacts. 

The rapid evolution of AI technologies and related regulatory requirements will require the allocation of significant resources to develop, test, monitor and maintain our products and services in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to address concerns relating to accuracy, bias, transparency, explainability, security and data provenance. Uncertainty surrounding new and emerging AI applications, including generative AI content creation and AI agents, may require additional investment in compliance programs, governance frameworks, licensing arrangements, documentation, auditing and risk mitigation processes, which may be complex, costly and could impact our profit margins. Moreover, 

expansion of our AI capabilities to content generation, including through Agentforce and other generative AI offerings, introduces additional risks and responsibilities. 

AI technologies may produce content that is inaccurate, misleading, biased, offensive or unsafe, and may implicate privacy, security or intellectual property rights, including through the generation of copyrighted or other protected material. If our customers or others rely on such content to their detriment, or if regulators or rights holders assert claims relating to AI-generated content, we may be exposed to litigation, regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, indemnification obligations, monetary penalties or other liabilities, or reputational harm. Developing, testing and deploying AI technologies may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the computing costs required. If we are unable to effectively mitigate these risks, or if our mitigation efforts result in excessive costs, our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The evolving landscape related to environmental, social and governance matters may expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. 

Equality and sustainability are core values of the Company. In furtherance of these values, we have in the past and may in the future establish and disclose quantitative and qualitative statements related to equality and sustainability matters, which are subject to numerous risks and dependencies. The proliferation of regulations and guidance addressing climate, human capital and other topics at the regional, state and national levels has required and may continue to require significant effort and resources, and our practices, processes and controls may not ensure compliance with evolving standards. Further, various regulations or guidance may conflict with each other, making universal compliance challenging as a multinational company, and our status as a government contractor in various jurisdictions, including but not limited to the U.S. where we are headquartered, may also result in greater exposure or differentiated obligations or requirements with which we would seek to comply. The standards and frameworks for tracking and reporting on these matters continue to evolve, and our use, interpretation or application of such frameworks and standards may change from time to time or differ from those of other companies, which may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period or between Salesforce and other companies. In addition, our practices and disclosures may not satisfy, appropriately respond to the concerns of or be supported by all investors, customers, partners, regulators, enforcement authorities or other stakeholders, whose expectations and requirements are evolving, varied, and oftentimes conflicting. Any violation of, non-compliance with or failure to meet such expectations or requirements, or negative publicity related to our practices or disclosures, could result in harm to our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider, could expose us to increased scrutiny or to regulatory or enforcement actions or litigation, and could cause us to incur increased costs to address or defend against such actions. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, cross-border data transfers and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. 

Regulation related to the provision of services over the Internet continues to evolve, as federal, state and foreign governments adopt new, or modify existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, data sovereignty and the collection, storage, hosting, transfer, use and other processing of data. The volume, complexity and scope of these regulatory requirements may continue to increase, including in response to heightened geopolitical tensions. In some cases, data privacy laws and regulations, such as the EU&#8217;s General Data Protection Regulation (&#8220;GDPR&#8221;), impose obligations directly on us as both a data controller and a data processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (&#8220;CCPA&#8221;), and similar laws that have passed, gone into effect or are being considered in numerous other U.S. states, impose obligations on us and many of our customers, potentially as both a covered business and service provider. 

These laws continue to evolve and expand, including through the adoption of new comprehensive data protection regimes such as India&#8217;s Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, and through the introduction of additional implementing rules and regulations in various jurisdictions. As a result, we and our customers may become subject to additional regulatory burdens. New EU laws, including the DSA, the Data Act and the AI Act, have also been adopted and, depending on how they are implemented, interpreted and enforced, may impose additional rules, restrictions or compliance requirements on the development, deployment or use of our products and services, including AI-enabled features. 

Historically, certain legal frameworks have provided safe harbors to companies that host or transmit content provided by others, including limitations on liability for monetary damages arising from copyright infringement or defamation based on customer-provided content. There is increasing legislative, regulatory and judicial scrutiny of these safe harbors, and ongoing legal efforts to repeal, narrow or limit these protections that were previously available to us. The loss or further erosion of these protections may require us to alter, limit or discontinue certain of our services, or may impose additional contractual terms on customers to mitigate potential liability for customer misconduct. 

Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to make changes to our practices, products or services to enable us or our customers to meet applicable legal requirements, and may increase our potential liability exposure through new or higher potential penalties, fines, investigations or litigation, including in connection with data breaches. Privacy and data protection laws and regulations are also subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent or conflicting across jurisdictions. These factors have increased scrutiny from customers, particularly those in the public sector and highly regulated industries and may be perceived differently from customer to customer. In addition, we may be subject to increased liability exposure or regulatory scrutiny related to the use of certain technologies associated with the collection, management or processing of data, including the use of cookies and similar technologies. These developments could reduce demand for our services, require us to take on more onerous contractual obligations, restrict our ability to store, transfer and otherwise process data or, in some cases, limit our or our customers&#8217; ability to offer our services in certain locations, deploy our solutions, reach current or prospective customers, or derive insights from customer data on a global basis. For example, statutory damages available through a private right of action for certain data breaches under the CCPA may increase our and our customers&#8217; potential liability exposure and the demands customers place on us. 

In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (&#8220;CJEU&#8221;) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, one of the mechanisms that previously permitted transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (&#8220;EEA&#8221;) to the United States. Even though the CJEU decision upheld the use of Standard Contractual Clauses (&#8220;SCCs&#8221;) as a lawful transfer mechanism, the decision created ongoing uncertainty regarding EU-to-U.S. data transfers. While the EU and U.S. governments have since adopted the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to facilitate such transfers and address the concerns raised by the CJEU, it remains uncertain whether this framework will withstand future legal challenges. As a result, regulators may continue to interpret the CJEU&#8217;s decision and the reasoning underlying it as significantly restricting certain cross-border data transfers increasing the cost and complexity of providing our services in certain markets. Certain countries outside of the EEA have enacted or are considering enacting laws that require varying degrees of local data residency or localization. Additionally, recent governmental actions and geopolitical developments have increased the perceived risk that our services, particularly in the EU, could be disrupted, suspended or terminated. 

The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from our commitments to customers and our customers&#8217; customers, lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, impact our reputation or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions particularly where customers request specific warranties or broad indemnities for noncompliance with privacy laws, any of which could harm our business. 

In addition to government activity, privacy advocates and industry groups have established or may establish new self-regulatory standards or voluntary certification requirements that customers may expect us to meet. If we are unable to maintain required certifications or comply with such standards, our ability to provide our services to certain customers could be adversely affected. We have also observed increased private enforcement of data protection obligations, including through private actions for alleged noncompliance, which could result in litigation, harm to our business, reputational harm or liability. For example, in 2020 we were named as a defendant in a legal proceeding brought by a Dutch privacy advocacy group (the Privacy Collective) on behalf of certain Dutch citizens alleging violations of the GDPR and Dutch Telecommunications Act. Although the claims were initially dismissed, that decision was later reversed on appeal, and that matter remains pending before the Dutch Supreme Court. Although we believe we have strong defenses in these or similar matters, current or future claims of this nature could cause reputational harm or liability. In addition, a shift in consumers&#8217; data privacy expectations or other social, economic or political developments could impact regulatory enforcement priorities, require our cooperation with regulators and increase the cost of compliance with applicable privacy regulations. 

Furthermore, the uncertain and evolving regulatory environment and broader trust climate may heighten concerns regarding data privacy, cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence, particularly where advanced analytics or automated functionality is involved, which could cause our customers or their end users to limit the data they provide or their use of our products and services. Even the perception that personal data is not adequately protected or that our products or services do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements could inhibit sales, reduce adoption of our offerings or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Industry-specific regulations and other requirements and standards are evolving and industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business. 

Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector, healthcare and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing, AI services and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit our customers&#8217; use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that 

mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect may have an adverse impact on our business and results. Any inability in the future to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers may harm our business and adversely affect our results. 

Further, in some cases, industry-specific, regionally-specific or product-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions may impact our ability, as well as the ability of our customers, partners and data providers, to collect, augment, analyze, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain services we provide. The interpretation of many of these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an inability to comply may have an adverse impact on our business and results. This impact may be particularly acute in countries that have passed or are considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localized &#8220;in country,&#8221; as this may impose financial costs on companies required to store data in jurisdictions not of their choosing and to use nonstandard operational processes that add complexity and are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes. This is also true with respect to the global proliferation of laws regulating the financial services industry, including its use of cloud services. In Europe, the Digital Operational Resilience Act (&#8220;DORA&#8221;) aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sectors, including through mandatory risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and third-party outsourcing restrictions. The UK has implemented similar legislation and other countries may follow. 

Further, jurisdictions are increasingly applying existing data privacy, consumer protection and other laws to AI, including emerging AI technologies such as generative AI, and are also enacting, or considering enacting, AI-specific legal frameworks, such as the EU AI Act, and the Utah Artificial Intelligence Policy Act, the Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act and the draft CCPA regulations on automated decision-making technology. As these laws and regulations are implemented, interpreted and enforced, they may impose additional compliance obligations or restrictions on our products, services or business practices. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with applicable AI-related legal requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. 

There are also various statutes, regulations and regulatory rulings governing direct email marketing and text messaging, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (&#8220;TCPA&#8221;) and related Federal Communication Commission orders, which impose significant restrictions on the use of telephone calls and text messages to mobile telephone numbers without prior consent. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to class action and individual lawsuits alleging that one of our businesses or customers violated the TCPA or similar communications-based laws. A determination that we or our customers failed to comply with such requirements could expose us to significant statutory damages or other liabilities that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions across the world are considering, or have begun implementing, changes to antitrust and competition laws, regulations or interpretative positions intended to enhance competition in digital markets or address practices perceived to be anticompetitive. These developments may result in new or expanded legal or regulatory obligations that require changes to our business practices, increased compliance costs, or other measures that could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. 

We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These include claims, suits, government investigations and other proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, class actions, wage and hour, antitrust, data privacy, cybersecurity and other matters. 

The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We have also been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Further, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 

In addition, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including through the use or misuse of our products. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. Regardless of outcome, these types of claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 

Our exposure to risks associated with various claims may be increased as a result of acquisitions of other companies. For example, we are subject to ongoing securities class action litigation and related stockholder derivative claims brought against Slack that remain outstanding, and as to which we may ultimately be subject to liability or settlement costs. Additionally, we may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks with respect to acquired companies or technologies. In addition, third parties have made claims in connection with our acquisitions and may do so in the future, and they may also make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 

The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims or lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or licensing discussions, or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 

Any adverse determination or settlement could prevent us from offering our services to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our current or future operating results, including our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. 

Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harm our business. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology, affecting our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harming our business. Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we have many U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications or the patent protection may not be obtained quickly enough to meet our business needs. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Similar uncertainty applies to our U.S. and international trademark registrations and applications. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain, and we also may face proposals to change the scope of protection for some intellectual property rights in the U.S. and elsewhere. Additionally, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies, which we are increasingly building into our product offerings, has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and some U.S. governmental entities and courts have expressed the view that U.S. copyright and patent protection should be limited to protecting inventions and works of authorship created by humans. If this position becomes widely accepted, intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, may be limited, or not available at all, for inventions or works developed in part or wholly by AI technologies. Furthermore, the use or adoption of AI technologies in our products and services may expose us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation claims related to AI training or output. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our services are available and legal changes and uncertainty in various countries&#8217; intellectual property regimes may result in making conduct that we believe is lawful to be deemed violative of others&#8217; rights. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Also, our involvement in standard-setting activity, our contribution to open source projects, various competition law regimes or the need to obtain licenses from others may require us to license our intellectual property in certain circumstances. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property. 

We may be required to spend significant resources and expense to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could impact our ability to protect our technology and brand. Furthermore, any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, cause us to divert time and resources from our core business, and harm our business. 

We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. 

Our business depends, in part, on sales to government organizations, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of such government organizations could adversely affect our business and operating results. Contracting with federal, state, local and foreign governments or state-owned entities subjects us to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to these contracts&#8217; formation, administration and performance, and how we engage with government officials. Government contracts may also at times be modified or terminated for convenience. We are from time to time subject to audits, inquiries and investigations relating to our government contracts, which may result in adverse perceptions of our business, reductions in utilization of our services or termination of our contracts without cause and at any time. Additionally, any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of 

contracts, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business, as well as reputational harm. Additionally, our relationships with certain government entities may result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Furthermore, pressures on and uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal government&#8217;s budget and potential changes in budgetary priorities could adversely affect the funding for and purchases of our services by government organizations. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could adversely impact our future sales, costs of doing business and operating results. 

We may be subject to risks from governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 

Our solutions are subject to trade control laws and regulations where we conduct our business activities, including the U.S. Commerce Department&#8217;s Export Administration Regulations, U.S. customs regulations, U.S. supply chain regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with applicable trade control laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of trade privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining necessary authorizations, including any required licenses, may be time-consuming, requires expenditure of corporate resources, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or the ability to realize value from certain acquisitions or engagements. Acquisitions may also subject us to successor liability and other integration compliance risks. Furthermore, export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations may prohibit or limit the transfer of certain products and services to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and parties. We can provide no assurance that any of the precautions we take to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or provided to sanctions targets in violation of applicable regulations will be effective, and, accordingly, our solutions could be provisioned or provided to those targets, including by our resellers or other third parties, which could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or trade control laws and regulations may create delays in the introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sanctions and export and import control regulations in the United States and other countries are subject to change and uncertainty, including as a result of tariff policy changes, rapidly evolving technology, increased government regulation of AI and cloud service solutions, and geopolitical developments such as events affecting relations between the United States and China, multi-jurisdictional sanctions on Russia, the war in Ukraine and regional conflict in the Middle East. Regulators in the United States and elsewhere have signaled an increased emphasis on sanctions and export control enforcement, including efforts to combat diversion of services to sanctioned countries and parties, several recent high-profile enforcement actions and increased pressure for companies to self-disclose potential violations. 

Financial Risks 

Because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 

We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription and support agreements, which are typically 12 to 36 months. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscription and support agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription and support term. 

If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 

Due to the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, we may not be able to realize our projected revenue growth plans. We plan our expense and investment levels based on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewals of existing subscriptions fall short of our expectations, and unanticipated events may cause us to incur expenses beyond what we anticipated. A portion of our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time, such as with costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, data center and infrastructure service contracts or office leases, so it may not be possible to reduce costs in a timely manner, or at all, without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early. Additionally, if sales through indirect channels or for consumption-based product offerings increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting revenue and anticipated rate of growth. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may 

fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. If we are not able to provide continued operating margin expansion, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact our financial results. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions and changes in accounting principles and tax laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions&#8217; administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions could also materially impact our income tax liabilities. For example, as a result of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (&#8220;OBBBA&#8221;), we could be subject to Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (&#8220;CAMT&#8221;). While certain changes brought forth by the OBBBA, notably, the immediate deduction of domestic research and development expenditures favorably impact our cash flows from operating activities, our tax provision may be adversely impacted to the extent additional clarification or interpretive guidance related to the OBBBA is released, or if there are changes to our valuation allowance assessment related to CAMT. 

We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, local or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions&#8217; administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting increase in our tax obligation or cash taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results. 

We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position. 

As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and corresponding tax disputes, which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if perceived negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm. 

Global tax developments may have a material impact to our business, cash flows, or financial results. For example, heightened interest in multinationals participating in the digital economy led many countries to adopt Pillar Two, a 15% corporate minimum tax proposed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (&#8220;OECD&#8221;). In January 2026, the OECD introduced new guidance including a "side-by-side safe harbor" which, if elected, exempts U.S. parented groups from certain provisions of Pillar Two. However, the election does not relieve foreign subsidiaries from certain jurisdiction specific minimum taxes. The guidance will need to be incorporated into local tax legislation to be effective. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that have in the past and could in the future negatively impact our financial results and cash flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 

We primarily conduct our business in the following regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including in emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, additional headcount in foreign locations, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to currency fluctuations primarily in Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, economic and political conditions change and evolving tax regulations come into effect. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, combined with the seasonality of our business, could affect our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. 

Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including the war in Ukraine and regional conflict in the Middle East, fluctuating commodity prices, uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy and inflation, have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the interest rate environment, which has and could in the future amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Although we attempt to mitigate some of this volatility and related risks through foreign currency hedging, our hedging activities are limited in scope and may not effectively offset the adverse financial impacts that may result from unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 

Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

As of January 31, 2026, we had a substantial level of outstanding debt, including our Senior Notes. We are also party to the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement, which provides for our $5.0 billion Credit Facility, as well as the Informatica Credit Agreements. Although there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2026, we may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. In November 2025, we borrowed the full $6.0 billion available under the Informatica Credit Agreements to finance a portion of the cash consideration for our acquisition of Informatica, repay existing indebtedness of Informatica and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees, costs, and expenses. 

In addition to the outstanding and potential debt obligations above, we have also recorded substantial liabilities associated with noncancellable future payments on our long-term lease agreements. We also have significant other contractual commitments, including leases that have not yet commenced and commitments with infrastructure service providers, which are not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. 

Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual commitments and any additional issuances of indebtedness could: 

&#8226; impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; 

&#8226; cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations toward debt service obligations and principal repayments; and 

&#8226; make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

Our ability to meet our expense and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any new or refinanced debt may be subject to substantially higher interest rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and impact our business. 

In addition, adverse changes by any rating agency to our credit ratings may negatively impact our reputation, the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any such refinancing or future financing or restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our outstanding debt could result in events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our debt and borrowings. Any required repayment of our debt as a result of a fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on our balance sheet such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business. 

Lease accounting guidance requires that we record a liability for operating lease activity on our consolidated balance sheet, which increases both our assets and liabilities and therefore may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from financial institutions at commercially viable rates or at all. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability and associated asset only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the associated extension option or waive the termination option. We reassess the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within our control. The potential impact of these options to extend could be material to our financial position and financial results. 

Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline substantially. 

Our quarterly results have fluctuated, and are likely to fluctuate in the future, as a result of a number of known and unknown factors, including: the factors described in this Item 1, Part 1A of this Annual Report; the cyclical nature and seasonality of our sales cycle and our customers&#8217; businesses, especially our Commerce service offering customers; the global economic impact of geopolitical events, including ongoing conflicts and uncertainty about the interest rate environment; the timing of contract execution and term software license sales; the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; the timing of commission, bonus and other compensation payments to 

employees; expenses related to our real estate or changes in the nature or extent of our use of existing real estate, including our office leases and data centers; expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which the events occur, including litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; and equity or debt issuances, including as consideration in or in conjunction with acquisitions. In addition, our fiscal fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals, and the year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns and overall new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our fiscal first quarter has typically been our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might negatively and materially impact our operating results. 

Our stock price is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 

The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has historically been highly volatile. Accordingly, our stock price has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price could be affected by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: the factors described in this Item 1, Part 1A of this Annual Report; announcements or rumors by us or our competitors regarding technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances, mergers, other strategic acquisitions or significant agreements, customer additions, customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; investor sentiment regarding AI-related business models, our competitors, and our industry in general; variations in our financial results and how those results compare to analyst expectations; changes to guidance or long-range targets, in the estimates of our operating results or in recommendations by securities analysts that follow our stock; variations in investors&#8217; or analysts&#8217; valuation metrics and modeling for our business; the issuance of, changes to, or our ability to meet or exceed, our forward-looking guidance and long-range targets, estimates or recommendations by analysts, or expectations of investors, analysts or others; the coverage of our business in the press, social media, and analyst community; the economy as a whole, geopolitical conditions, including global trade and health concerns, market conditions in our and our customers&#8217; industries, and financial institution instability; trading activity by our stockholders, including institutional or activist investors; changes in the amounts and frequency of share repurchases or dividends; issuance of equity, debt or other convertible securities; changes to our credit ratings; and issues impacting our brand and reputation. 

Some companies that have experienced volatility in their stock price have been the subject of securities class action litigation, such as the securities litigation brought against Slack before our acquisition. Such litigation, whether against us or an acquired subsidiary, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management&#8217;s attention and resources and any liability resulting from or the settlement of such litigation could result in material adverse impacts to our operating cash flows or results of operations for a given period. 

Provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress our stock price. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress our stock price by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or changes in our management that our stockholders may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: 

&#8226; permit the Board to establish the number of directors; 

&#8226; authorize the issuance of &#8220;blank check&#8221; preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a &#8220;poison pill&#8221;); 

&#8226; prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a stockholder meeting; 

&#8226; permit the Board to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and 

&#8226; establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock. 

There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends in any particular amounts, or at all. 

Whether we continue to pay cash dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay cash dividends, in the future is subject to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued at any time and dividend amounts may be reduced at any time. A discontinuation of or reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. 

General Risks 

Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international economies have experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as uncertainty regarding changes in trade policy, including the threat or imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions and related retaliatory actions, as well as other events beyond our control, such as war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, have increased and may continue to increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions have affected and may continue to affect the rate of IT spending; could adversely affect our customers&#8217; ability or willingness to attend our events or to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services; have delayed and may delay customer purchasing decisions; and have reduced and may in the future reduce the value and duration of customer subscription contracts or cause our customers to seek to modify their existing subscription contracts. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales, attrition rates and operating results. 

Geopolitical crises, natural disasters and other catastrophic events beyond our control have in the past and may in the future materially adversely affect us. 

Geopolitical crises, natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or disruption to our people, operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations, as well as the business operations of our customers and third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on, are subject to interruption by geopolitical crises, natural disasters, fire, power or water shutoffs or shortages, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other military actions, actual or threatened public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. For example, the occurrence of regional conflicts, epidemics or a global pandemic have in the past and may in the future materially affect how we and our customers operate our businesses, as well as our operating results and cash flows. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, if such catastrophic events occur it could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers or negatively impact demand for our services, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Climate change may have an impact on our business. 

While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing appropriate environmental programs and partnering with organizations who are focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, there are inherent climate-related risks where our business is conducted. In particular, increased energy consumption, including as a result of AI-related growth, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions, may increase the operational costs related to inputs across our value chain, including for data centers. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally are projected to continue to experience climate-related events at increased frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold waves, flooding, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs. These events in turn have impacts on inflation risks, the cost and availability of insurance, food security, water security (including for water availability for data center cooling), energy security and on our employees&#8217; health, productivity and well-being. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, as well as the business of the companies we invest in, third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on, and our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 



 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, our expectations and statements regarding our outlook and future revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, plans, strategies and management objectives and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements and factors that might cause future actual results to differ materially from our recent results or those projected in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled &#8220;Forward-Looking Information&#8221; and &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or our risk factors for any reason. 

The following section generally discusses fiscal 2026 and 2025 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2026 and 2025, as well as certain fiscal 2024 items. Discussions of fiscal 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2025 and 2024 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. 

Overview 

Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management (&#8220;CRM&#8221;) technology, helping organizations of any size become agentic enterprises. Founded in 1999, we bring humans, agents, apps, and data together on a trusted, unified platform to unlock growth and innovation. 

Our platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth and integrated artificial intelligence (&#8220;AI&#8221;), teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent, personalized experiences across every channel and increase productivity. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, a new layer of our trusted platform that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative and agentic AI across all products, which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. 

We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average. In addition to these growth levers, our mergers and acquisitions framework has included several acquisitions that have accelerated our agentic roadmap, including our October 2025 acquisition of Regrello Corp. (&#8220;Regrello&#8221;) and our November 2025 acquisition of Informatica, Inc. (&#8220;Informatica&#8221;). These acquisitions bring in key talent and technology to accelerate innovation. 

We are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives to improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth, which has included a reduction of our workforce, office space and data centers within certain markets. We continue to evaluate and operationalize future programs to drive further operational efficiencies, optimize our management structure and increase cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth. We expect to continue to experience improvements in our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, which could include various restructuring initiatives or measured hiring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies. 

Highlights from Fiscal 2026 

&#8226; Revenue: For fiscal 2026, revenue was $41.5 billion , an increase of ten percent year-over-year. 

&#8226; Income from Operations: For fiscal 2026, income from operations was $8.3 billion as compared to $7.2 billion from a year ago. Operating margin, which represents income from operations as a percentage of total revenue, increased to approximately 20 percent for fiscal 2026 compared to approximately 19 percent in the prior year period. 

&#8226; Net Income per Share: For fiscal 2026 , diluted net income per share was $7.80 as compared to diluted net income per share of $6.36 from a year ago. 

&#8226; Cash: Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2026 was $15.0 billion , an increase of 15 percent year-over-year. Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 31, 2026 was $9.6 billion. 

&#8226; Remaining Performance Obligation: Total remaining performance obligation, which represents all future revenue under contract yet to be recognized, as of January 31, 2026 was approximately $72.4 billion, an increase of 14 percent year-over-year . Current remaining performance obligation as of January 31, 2026 was approximately $35.1 billion , an increase of 16 percent year-over-year. 

&#8226; Share Repurchase Program: For fiscal 2026, we repurchased approximately 50 million shares of our common stock for approximately $12.7 billion as compared to 30 million shares for approximately $7.8 billion from a year ago. 

&#8226; Dividend Program : For fiscal 2026, we paid approximately $1.6 billion in dividends and dividend equivalents as compared to $1.5 billion from a year ago. 

&#8226; Informatica Acquisition: In November 2025, we completed our acquisition of Informatica, an AI-powered enterprise cloud data management platform, for approximately $9.6 billion. Informatica contributed approximately $0.4 billion of revenue in fiscal 2026. 

During fiscal 2026, we experienced strong momentum in Agentforce, Slack and Data 360, bolstered by the acquisition of Informatica. As we have a diversified portfolio of AI-enabled products and a customer base spanning geographies, segments, and industries, demand for our offerings has remained relatively resilient. 

In addition, the expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Total revenues in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 was positively impacted by approximately one percent in foreign currency fluctuations compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. Our current remaining performance obligation growth as of January 31, 2026 compared to January 31, 2025 was positively impacted by three percent compared to what would have been reported using constant currency rates. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations could impact our near-term results and ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. The impact of these fluctuations can also be compounded by the seasonality of our business in which our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. 

Fiscal Year 

Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2026, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. 

Operating Segments 

We operate as one segment. See Note 1 &#8220;Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies&#8221; to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Sources of Revenues 

We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 95 percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2026. 

Subscription and support revenues primarily include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, &#8220;Cloud Services&#8221;), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses, and support revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Our Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year term software licenses can impact the amount of revenues recognized upfront. Revenues from term software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for fiscal 2026. 

The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in &#8220;Results of Operations,&#8221; fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any 

subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer&#8217;s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer&#8217;s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer&#8217;s business requirements and usage. 

Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of each month. In general, we exclude service offerings from acquisitions from our attrition calculation until they are fully integrated into our customer success organization. As of January 31, 2026, our attrition rate, excluding Slack self-service and current year acquisitions, was approximately eight percent. 

We continue to maintain a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. 

Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow 

Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Generally, our second or third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter . Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 

Remaining Performance Obligation 

Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months. 

Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation. 

Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to our employee-related costs, which includes salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, delivering our service and providing support, including the costs of data center capacity, certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data, and allocated overhead. Our cost of subscription and support revenues also includes amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company&#8217;s developed technology. Also included in the cost of subscription and support revenues are expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs specific to customer experience and technical operations. 

Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts and supports our customers&#8217; success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional services in future fiscal periods. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for our engineering staff associated with product development, as well as allocated overhead. 

Sales and Marketing &#160; 

Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of employee-related costs and commissions for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. We capitalize certain costs to obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these costs on a straight-line basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated cash payment. 

Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company&#8217;s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships. 

General and Administrative &#160; 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and allocated overhead. 

We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee benefits based on headcount. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category. 

Restructuring 

Restructuring consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and stock-based compensation, as well as data center exits, office space reductions and impairment charges associated with long-lived assets. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 &#8220;Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies&#8221; to our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 

Revenue Recognition - Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations. We enter into contracts with our customers that may include promises to transfer multiple Cloud Services, software licenses, premium support and professional services. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as one unit of accounting may require significant judgment. 

Cloud Services and software licenses are distinct as such offerings are often sold separately. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer&#8217;s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have generally concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are distinct. 

We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("SSP") basis. The SSP is the price at which we would sell a promised product or service separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP by considering our overall pricing objectives and market conditions. Significant pricing practices taken into consideration include our discounting practices, the size and 

volume of our transactions, the customer demographic, the geographic area where services are sold, price lists, our go-to-market strategy and historical and current sales and contract prices. In instances where we do not sell or price a product or service separately, we maximize the use of observable inputs by using information that may include market conditions. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP. 

In certain cases, we are able to establish SSP based on observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. We use a single amount to estimate SSP when it has observable prices. If SSP is not directly observable, for example when pricing is highly variable, we use a range of SSP. We determine the SSP range using information that may include pricing practices or other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customer size and geography. 

Business Combinations. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired, as well as liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. 

Critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets and goodwill we have acquired are: 

&#8226; future expected cash flows from subscription and support contracts, professional services contracts, other customer contracts and acquired developed technologies and patents; 

&#8226; historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers; 

&#8226; assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name will continue to be used in our offerings; 

&#8226; discount rates; 

&#8226; uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances assumed; 

&#8226; fair value of assumed equity awards; and 

&#8226; fair value of pre-existing relationships. 

Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 

Income Taxes. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not expected to be realized based on the weighting of positive and negative evidence. Future realization of deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character, for example, ordinary income or capital gains, within the carryback or carryforward periods available under the applicable tax law. We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Our judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully execute our business plans and tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 

Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our income tax provision. 

Strategic Investments. Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily available market data. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and these valuations require our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our privately held equity securities are adjusted if there are observable price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value for these investments, we utilize the most recent data available and apply valuation methods, including the market approach, the common stock equivalent (&#8220;CSE&#8221;) method, and option pricing models (&#8220;OPM&#8221;), adjusted to reflect the specific rights and preferences of the classes of securities we hold. Such information available to us from investee companies is supplemented with estimates such as volatility and expected time to liquidity. 

We assess the privately held debt and equity securities in our strategic investment portfolio for impairment quarterly. Our impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative analyses of key factors including the investee&#8217;s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. Depending on our contractual rights as an investor, investee specific information available to us to make this assessment may be limited or may be available on a delayed basis. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair 

value by recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statements of operations and establishing a new carrying value for the investment. 

Results of Operations 

The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions): ##TABLE_START 4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, &#160; 2026 % of Total Revenues 2025 % of Total Revenues 2024 % of Total Revenues Revenues: Subscription and support $ 39,388 95 % $ 35,679 94 % $ 32,537 93 % Professional services and other 2,137 5 2,216 6 2,320 7 Total revenues 41,525 100 37,895 100 34,857 100 Cost of revenues (1)(2): Subscription and support 6,796 16 6,198 16 6,177 18 Professional services and other 2,474 6 2,445 7 2,364 7 Total cost of revenues 9,270 22 8,643 23 8,541 25 Gross profit 32,255 78 29,252 77 26,316 75 Operating expenses (1)(2): Research and development 5,993 15 5,493 15 4,906 14 Sales and marketing 14,345 35 13,257 35 12,877 37 General and administrative 3,000 7 2,836 7 2,534 7 Restructuring 586 1 461 1 988 3 Total operating expenses 23,924 58 22,047 58 21,305 61 Income from operations 8,331 20 7,205 19 5,011 14 Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net 1,017 3 (121) 0 (277) (1) Other income 172 0 354 1 216 1 Income before provision for income taxes 9,520 23 7,438 20 4,950 14 Provision for income taxes (2,063) (5) (1,241) (4) (814) (2) Net income $ 7,457 18 % $ 6,197 16 % $ 4,136 12 % ##TABLE_END

(1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions): ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, &#160; 2026 % of Total Revenues 2025 % of Total Revenues 2024 % of Total Revenues Cost of revenues $ 692 2 % $ 750 2 % $ 978 3 % Sales and marketing 995 2 901 2 891 2 ##TABLE_END

(2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions): ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, &#160; 2026 % of Total Revenues 2025 % of Total Revenues 2024 % of Total Revenues Cost of revenues $ 553 1 % $ 518 1 % $ 431 1 % Research and development 1,162 3 1,091 3 972 3 Sales and marketing 1,287 3 1,205 3 1,062 3 General and administrative 478 1 367 1 299 1 Restructuring 29 0 2 0 23 0 ##TABLE_END

The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except remaining performance obligation, which is presented in billions): ##TABLE_START As of January 31, 2026 

January 31, 2025 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 9,565 $ 14,032 Unearned revenue 24,317 20,743 Remaining performance obligation 72.4 63.4 Principal due on our outstanding debt obligations (1) 14,500 8,500 ##TABLE_END (1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations. 

Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2026 and 2025 

Revenues 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance (in millions) 2026 2025 Dollars Percent Subscription and support $ 39,388 $ 35,679 $ 3,709 10 % Professional services and other 2,137 2,216 (79) (4) Total revenues $ 41,525 $ 37,895 $ 3,630 10 % ##TABLE_END

The increase in subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2026 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for the period. Revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represented approximately six percent of total subscription and support revenues for fiscal 2026 and 2025. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 95 percent and 94 percent of our total revenues for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively. 

The decrease in professional services and other revenues for fiscal 2026 was primarily due to less demand for larger, multi-year transformation engagements, which may continue in the near term. 

The acquisition of Informatica in November 2025 contributed approximately $399 million of revenue in fiscal 2026. 

Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Offering (1) 

Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions): 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, &#160; 2026 As a % of Total Subscription and Support Revenues 2025 As a % of Total Subscription and Support Revenues Growth Rate Agentforce Sales $ 9,028 23 % $ 8,322 23 % 8 % Agentforce Service 9,818 25 9,054 25 8 Agentforce 360 Platform, Slack and Other (2) 8,882 22 7,247 21 23 Agentforce Marketing and Agentforce Commerce 5,428 14 5,281 15 3 Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics 6,232 16 5,775 16 8 Total $ 39,388 100 % $ 35,679 100 % 10 % ##TABLE_END

(1) In the third quarter of fiscal 2026, we renamed our service offerings to reference Agentforce. There were no changes in the allocation of revenue between these service offerings as a result of this change. (2) Agentforce 360 Platform, Slack and Other revenue for the year ended January 31, 2026 includes $388 million in subscription and support revenue from Informatica, Inc. (&#8220;Informatica&#8221;), which we acquired in November 2025. 

Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect these offerings to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings and recent revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Agentforce Integration and Agentforce Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the customer transitions but incremental revenues over the remaining term. 

Revenues by Geography 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (in millions) 2026 As a % of Total Revenues 2025 As a % of Total Revenues Growth Rate Americas $ 27,193 65 % $ 25,143 67 % 8 % Europe 10,017 25 8,891 23 13 Asia Pacific 4,315 10 3,861 10 12 Total $ 41,525 100 % $ 37,895 100 % 10 % ##TABLE_END

Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Salesforce contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. The increase in revenues across all regions was primarily due to the continued execution of our business and growth strategy, including increasing our geographic reach primarily through extending our go-to-market capabilities globally. Foreign currency positively impacted the year over year fluctuations in revenue by approximately one percent. 

Cost of Revenues 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance Dollars (in millions) 2026 As a % of Total Revenues 2025 As a % of Total Revenues 

Subscription and support $ 6,796 16 % $ 6,198 16 % $ 598 Professional services and other 2,474 6 2,445 7 29 Total cost of revenues $ 9,270 22 % $ 8,643 23 % $ 627 ##TABLE_END

For fiscal 2026, the increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, and an increase to service delivery expenses partially offset by a decrease in amortization of purchased intangibles. Cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2026 decreased by one percent from the same period a year ago due to our total revenues growth outpacing our cost of revenues growth, which was partially offset by the scaling of our service delivery expenses. 

We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our AI, agentic and cloud services to allow us to scale with our customers and continue to evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to fluctuate over time due to changes in demand for our service offerings. 

Operating Expenses 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance Dollars (in millions) 2026 As a % of Total Revenues 2025 As a % of Total Revenues Research and development $ 5,993 15 % $ 5,493 15 % $ 500 Sales and marketing 14,345 35 13,257 35 1,088 General and administrative 3,000 7 2,836 7 164 Restructuring 586 1 461 1 125 Total operating expenses $ 23,924 58 % $ 22,047 58 % $ 1,877 ##TABLE_END

For fiscal 2026, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2026 was consistent with the same period a year ago. 

We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenue over time as we continue to invest in the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including AI, agents and our Data 360 service offerings, and the integration of acquired technologies, including our November 2025 acquisition of Informatica. 

For fiscal 2026, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, and increased amortization of purchased intangibles primarily associated with the Informatica acquisition. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2026 was consistent with the same period a year ago. 

We expect that sales and marketing expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to focus on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity, which includes the use of AI and agents. 

For fiscal 2026, the increase in general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, and professional services expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues during fiscal 2026 was consistent with the same period a year ago. 

We expect that general and administrative expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to invest in process efficiency initiatives, which includes the use of AI and agents. 

In fiscal 2026, approximately $586 million of costs were incurred related to our restructuring initiatives, which was primarily related to employee transitions, severance payments and employee benefits, as well as select data center exits. We do not expect to incur significant additional charges in connection with our restructuring initiatives in the near term. 

Other Income and Expenses ##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance Dollars (in millions) 2026 2025 Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net $ 1,017 $ (121) $ 1,138 Other income 172 354 (182) ##TABLE_END

Gains (losses) on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to observable price adjustments related to our privately held equity securities, our publicly held equity securities and other adjustments including impairments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by market conditions for companies in which we hold private securities, including the pace of technological change driven by artificial intelligence and volatility in public equity markets. For fiscal 2026, the gain on our strategic investment portfolio was primarily driven by unrealized gains on privately held equity investments of $1.5 billion partially offset by impairments on privately held investments of $496 million. Our mark-to-market unrealized gains in fiscal 2026 were driven largely by $1.2 billion in gains from one privately held equity investment. 

Other income primarily consists of interest income on our marketable securities portfolio, which is partially offset by interest expense on our debt as well as our finance leases. Other income decreased in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease in investment income from lower interest rates. We expect that interest expense may increase due to the outstanding balance related to the Informatica Credit Agreements. 

Provision For Income Taxes 

##TABLE_START &#160; Fiscal Year Ended January 31, Variance Dollars (in millions) 2026 2025 Provision for income taxes $ (2,063) $ (1,241) $ (822) Effective tax rate 22 % 17 % ##TABLE_END

We recorded a tax provision of $2.1 billion on pretax income of $9.5 billion for fiscal 2026. Our effective tax rate increased from a year ago primarily due to lower tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income deduction and stock-based compensation. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events, including acquisitions, changes to our operating structure and other macroeconomic factors. 

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (&#8220;OBBBA&#8221;) was enacted into law. The OBBBA includes significant 

changes to US corporate tax provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Notably, it allows an immediate deduction for domestic 

research and development expenditures, reinstates 100% bonus depreciation, and modifies the international tax framework. The 

legislation has multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in fiscal 2026 and others in the subsequent years. The 

changes had an immaterial impact to the Company&#8217;s tax provision in fiscal 2026. 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2025 and 2024 

For a discussion of the year ended January 31, 2025 compared to the year ended January 31, 2024, refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2025. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of January 31, 2026, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling $9.6 billion and accounts receivable of $14.3 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds and municipal securities. Our Revolving Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below), which provides the ability to borrow up to $5.0 billion in unsecured financing (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) as of January 31, 2026, also serves as a source of liquidity. 

Net cash provided by operating activities could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part II, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months and thereafter. 

In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. For example, we entered into certain credit agreements in connection with our acquisition of Informatica. See discussion in &#8220;Debt&#8221; below. 

Our cash tax profile was impacted by OBBBA primarily due to the immediate deduction of the domestic research and development expenditures. Moreover, the OBBBA brought into scope other provisions of the U.S. tax code. Guidance that clarifies these provisions could change our future cash taxes. 

Cash Flows 

For fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024 our cash flows were as follows (in millions): ##TABLE_START 4 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, &#160; 2026 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 14,996 $ 13,092 $ 10,234 Net cash used in investing activities (8,590) (3,163) (1,327) Net cash used in financing activities (8,079) (9,429) (7,477) ##TABLE_END

Operating Activities 

The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2026 was primarily comprised of net income of $7.5 billion, adjusted for non-cash items, including $3.6 billion of depreciation and amortization and $3.5 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2026 was further benefited by the changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $1.0 billion and unearned revenue of $2.9 billion, partially offset by the change in accounts receivable, net of $2.2 billion and costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net of $2.8 billion. As our business continues to grow, and assuming our expenses remain in line with or less than our revenue growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities. 

The net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily comprised of net income of $6.2 billion, adjusted for non-cash items, including $3.5 billion of depreciation and amortization and $3.2 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2025 was further benefited by the changes in unearned revenue of $1.6 billion and accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $1.1 billion, partially offset by the changes in costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net of $2.1 billion, prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets of $1.5 billion and accounts receivable, net of $490 million. 

Investing Activities 

The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2026 was primarily related to net outflows for acquisitions of $9.3 billion, which is primarily associated with $8.1 billion, net, related to the Informatica acquisition, as well as net outflows from strategic investment activity of $1.8 billion and capital expenditures of $594 million, partially offset by net inflows from marketable securities activity of $3.0 billion. 

The net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to net outflows for acquisitions of $2.7 billion, net outflows from strategic investment activity of $413 million and capital expenditures of $658 million, partially offset by net inflows from marketable securities activity of $642 million. 

Financing Activities 

The net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2026 was primarily related to $12.6 billion used for repurchases of common stock and $1.6 billion related to payments of dividends and equivalents, partially offset by $6.0 billion of proceeds from the Informatica credit agreements and $1.0 billion of proceeds from equity plans. 

The net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2025 was primarily related to $7.8 billion used for repurchases of common stock, $1.5 billion related to payments of dividends and $1.0 billion related to repayments of debt, partially offset by $6.0 billion from proceeds of the issuance of debt and $1.5 billion from proceeds from equity plans. 

Debt 

As of January 31, 2026, we had senior unsecured debt outstanding, with maturities starting in April 2028 and extending through July 2061 with a total carrying value of $8.4 billion. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 31, 2026. 

In October 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the &#8220;Revolving Loan Credit Agreement&#8221;). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the &#8220;Prior Credit Agreement&#8221;), among us, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a $5.0 billion Credit Facility and matures in 

October 2029. We may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of January 31, 2026. 

In June 2025, we entered into a 364-day Credit Agreement that provided us with the ability to borrow up to $4.0 billion (the &#8220;364-day Informatica Credit Agreement&#8221;) and a three-year Credit Agreement that provides us with the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion (the &#8220;Three-year Informatica Credit Agreement&#8221; and, together with the 364-day Informatica Credit Agreement, the &#8220;Informatica Credit Agreements&#8221;), both on an unsecured basis, to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition of Informatica, the repayment of certain debt of Informatica and the payment of fees, costs and expenses related thereto. In November 2025, as part of the acquisition of Informatica, we borrowed the full $6.0 billion available under the credit facilities associated with the Informatica Credit Agreements, which was outstanding as of January 31, 2026. 

We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Share Repurchase Program 

Our Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) authorized a program to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock (the "Share Repurchase Program"), which commenced in August 2022. In September 2025, the Board authorized an additional $20.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program, for an aggregate total authorized of $50.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. 

We repurchased the following under the Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share): ##TABLE_START 2026 2025 2024 Shares Average price per share Amount Shares Average price per share Amount Shares Average price per share Amount Fiscal year ended January 31, 50 $ 254.21 $ 12,677 30 $ 260.12 $ 7,757 36 $ 210.30 $ 7,674 ##TABLE_END

All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2026, we were authorized to purchase a remaining $17.9 billion of the Company&#8217;s common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to January 31, 2026, we have incurred approximately $1.4 billion through February 25, 2026 for additional shares repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program. 

In February 2026, the Board authorized $50.0 billion in share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program that replaced the previous remaining unpurchased authorization. 

Dividends 

We announced the following dividends: 

##TABLE_START Quarter Ended Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount (in millions) Fiscal 2026 April 30, 2025 April 10, 2025 April 24, 2025 $ 0.416 $ 406 July 31, 2025 June 18, 2025 July 10, 2025 $ 0.416 $ 404 October 31, 2025 September 17, 2025 October 9, 2025 $ 0.416 $ 400 January 31, 2026 December 18, 2025 January 8, 2026 $ 0.416 $ 395 Fiscal 2025 April 30, 2024 March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 July 31, 2024 July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 388 October 31, 2024 September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 $ 0.40 $ 385 January 31, 2025 December 18, 2024 January 9, 2025 $ 0.40 $ 388 ##TABLE_END

In February 2026, the Board declared a $0.44 dividend per share that is payable on April 23, 2026 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 9, 2026. 

The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to the Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, and applicable laws and agreements. 

Contractual Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of January 31, 

2026, the future noncancellable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately $3.6 billion, with payments of $0.9 billion due in the next 12 months and $2.7 billion due thereafter. In addition to our leasing arrangements, we have other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding, including those with infrastructure service providers. As of January 31, 2026 our total commitments under these agreements were approximately $16.7 billion, of which payments of $3.7 billion are due in the next 12 months and $13.0 billion are due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 

During fiscal 2026 and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in enterprise cloud computing services to allow us to scale with our customers and continue to evolve our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure service providers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments. 

Other Future Obligations 

As of January 31, 2026, we expect approximately $220 million to $250 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related to workforce costs, such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on our balance sheet and cash provided by operating activities. 

Stakeholder Impact 

We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust, which is why we have published an annual Stakeholder Impact Report for over ten years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our sustainability, impact and equality strategies. Our disclosures in these areas are also informed by topics identified through relevancy assessments and third-party ESG reporting organizations, frameworks and standards. Read more about these initiatives and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

