 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 

Adobe is a global technology company with a mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences. For over four decades, Adobe&#8217;s innovations have transformed how individuals, teams, businesses, enterprises, institutions, and governments engage and interact across all types of media. Our products, services and solutions are used around the world to imagine, create, manage, deliver, measure, optimize and engage with content across surfaces and fuel digital experiences. We have a diverse user base that includes consumers, communicators, creative professionals, developers, students, small and medium businesses and enterprises. We are also empowering creators by putting the power of artificial intelligence (&#8220;AI&#8221;) in their hands, and doing so in ways we believe are responsible. Our products and services help unleash creativity, accelerate document productivity and power businesses in a digital world. 

OFFERINGS 

We deliver a wide range of products, services and solutions to empower our customers and users to imagine and express ideas, create content and bring any digital experience to life. We focus our strategic investments in two areas of growth: 

Digital Media. We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams, businesses, enterprises, institutions, and governments to create, publish and promote their content anywhere, and accelerate their productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and content creation. Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly and many more products, offering a variety of tools for creative professionals (like photographers, graphic designers, video editors and game developers), communicators and other consumers. This is the core of what we have delivered to customers and users for decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our Digital Media business model to provide our customers and users with a range of flexible solutions to help them reach their full creative potential. 

Digital Experience. We provide an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer experiences. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite. The foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses with an open and extensible system for customer experience management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights to deliver personalized digital experiences across various channels. 

We offer a comprehensive suite of products, services and solutions to our customers in our Digital Media business and Digital Experience business. With Adobe GenStudio, our cross-cloud, end-to-end solution that packages offerings across Digital Experience and Digital Media, enterprises can automate, optimize and accelerate their content supply chains for 

marketing campaigns and personalized customer experiences. We believe we are well positioned to deliver value in both the Digital Media and Digital Experience strategic areas where our mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences has never been more relevant as people seek new ways to create, collaborate and communicate and businesses continue to invest in digital transformation. 

SEGMENTS 

Our business is organized into three reportable segments: 

&#8226; Digital Media; 

&#8226; Digital Experience; and 

&#8226; Publishing and Advertising. 

These segments provide Adobe&#8217;s senior management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. Our segments are aligned around our two strategic growth opportunities further described below, and our legacy products, services and solutions are contained within the third segment, Publishing and Advertising. 

MARKET OVERVIEW 

This overview provides an explanation of our markets and a discussion of strategic opportunities in fiscal 2025 and beyond for each of our segments. See the section titled &#8220;Results of Operations&#8221; in Part II, Item 7 titled &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement s of this report for further segment information. 

Digital Media 

Opportunity 

In today&#8217;s digital world, content and digital documents are fueling the global economy, and productivity, design and creativity have never been more relevant, providing a significant market opportunity for Adobe in digital media. Everyone has a story to tell and needs products and services at their fingertips to tell those stories on an ever-increasing number of canvases. AI- and generative AI-powered technologies are increasing this opportunity by growing the demand for and production of content. This shift is changing how creative professionals work by accelerating their processes, increasing their productivity, and allowing them to explore and create in new fields, while empowering new creators by dramatically lowering barriers to creativity. At the same time, creativity is increasingly a team effort that is redefining productivity, making quick and easy collaboration even more critical to every company&#8217;s success. Adobe is driving innovation to shape these trends, democratize creativity, empower individuals to create wherever inspiration strikes and enable more effective collaboration between creators and stakeholders. 

The flagship of our Digital Media business is Adobe Creative Cloud, a subscription service that allows subscribers to use our creative products and applications (&#8220;Apps&#8221;) integrated with cloud-delivered services across various surfaces and platforms. We believe in creativity for all, and Creative Cloud addresses the needs of all content creators, from creative professionals, such as artists, designers, developers, students, and administrators, to knowledge workers, marketers, educators, enthusiasts, communicators, and consumers. Our customers rely on our products for content creation, photo editing, design, video and animation production, mobile App and gaming development, and more. Our customers can choose between products optimized for different platforms and capabilities, from the speed and ease of use offered by Adobe Express, our AI-first, task-based web and mobile App, to the greater power and precision of our flagship Creative Cloud Apps. We believe we have significant opportunities to grow our Digital Media business by advancing every creative category across all surfaces; expanding content-first, task-based creativity with Adobe Express; enabling seamless collaboration across all stakeholders; inspiring the creative community through sharing and monetization; and expanding the user base of our tools through the infusion of AI into our products, services and solutions to enable users of any skill level to easily and efficiently create content. 

Our Digital Media segment includes our Adobe Document Cloud business, a unified, cloud-based document services platform that integrates Adobe&#8217;s pioneering PDF technology with our Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Scan and Adobe Acrobat Sign Apps to deliver fully digital document workflows across all surfaces. We have the opportunity to continue to accelerate document productivity with Adobe Document Cloud and transform how people view, share, collaborate, and engage with documents. Trillions of PDF documents are created every year, reflecting the important role PDF plays globally. There are hundreds of millions of users who engage with PDF files on a daily basis in industries such as legal, financial services, and publishing, as well as a broad array of communicators and Adobe Acrobat Reader customers who use the expanded capabilities provided by our Acrobat Apps and the document services platform in Adobe Document Cloud. 

Strategy 

Our goal for our Digital Media business is to be a leading platform for creativity and digital document solutions, where we offer a range of products and services that allow anyone to design and deliver content seamlessly. We aim to achieve this goal by using data-driven customer engagement, driving product-led growth to allow our customers to create content and interact with documents in ways that are more frictionless, efficient and accessible, and meeting our customers&#8217; needs holistically to increase the value they derive from our services. 

We are redefining the creative process with Adobe Creative Cloud to unleash everyone&#8217;s ability to imagine and express ideas. We are empowering enterprises and users beyond creative professionals, such as novice content creators and communicators, to create, edit, schedule and share content quickly and easily using Adobe Express, which makes select capabilities from products like Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Acrobat easy to use for users at any level. With Adobe Acrobat Pro, subscribers have full convert and edit capabilities, advanced e-signature features including bulk send and custom branding, advanced protection and additional PDF features. We continue to add collaboration capabilities into our flagship products, Apps and workflows, and to infuse AI into our creative Apps to help our customers and users work faster and smarter, with new models for images and vector graphics, and AI-powered video features natively integrated into our flagship products. We are building our own foundation models in areas where we have domain expertise and which we believe are most relevant to our customers, and partnering with third-party AI models and large language models to further expand the capabilities of our products. We expanded Adobe Firefly with the launch of Adobe Firefly Services, which help organizations automate content production; Custom Models, which enable enterprises to train and customize models to support brand consistency amongst creative and marketing teams; Firefly Video Model (public beta), which enables generative text-to-video and image-to-video; and Firefly Image 3 Foundation Model, which allows for faster and higher-quality image generations. Developing our own foundation models enables us to design Firefly to be commercially safe and in line with our AI Ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency. 

We continue to pursue ways to inspire, empower and connect the creative community and support live, interactive tutorials with creators. Additionally, with Adobe GenStudio and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, a generative AI-first product that natively integrates Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, we help enterprises to quickly create on-brand content variations and accelerate their marketing workflows. Further descriptions of our Digital Media products are included below under &#8220;Principal Products, Services and Solutions.&#8221; 

In our Creative Cloud business, we employ our product-led growth strategy to minimize the friction of customer interactions and drive positive product experiences, which results in increasing adoption, usage, conversion, expansion and loyalty. We also continue to employ a pricing strategy, as appropriate, to migrate our customers to higher-value offerings as well as attract past customers and potential customers to try out our products and ultimately subscribe. We use a data-driven operating model and our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to drive and optimize customer awareness, engagement and licensing of our creative products and services at every stop of the customer journey through our website and across other channels. Adobe.com is the central destination where we engage individual and small business customers to sign up for and renew Creative Cloud subscriptions. Our customers have the flexibility to subscribe to over twenty of our Creative Cloud products through a single subscription or, for many of our Apps, through various collections of our individual subscriptions to point products. To better serve our current users and potential users, we offer free and premium levels for certain Apps and targeted packages and suites. Further, our generative AI capabilities are increasing the value of our existing subscription products, expanding our potential customer base and increasing engagement and retention through Generative Credits&#8212;credits that provide users and subscribers the ability to generate content with Adobe Firefly. The collaboration features across many of our products help us to further expand our universe of customers beyond creative professionals to other stakeholders who use our products for review and approval, copywriting, social media marketing or other social content creation. We utilize channel partners to target mid-size creative customers with our Creative Cloud for Teams offering. Our direct sales force is focused on building relationships with our largest customers and driving adoption of our Creative Cloud for Enterprise offering. Overall, our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to deliver customer value, increase our revenue with existing customers, attract new customers and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. 

In our Adobe Document Cloud business, we expect to drive sustained long-term revenue growth through an expansion of our customer base by continuing to employ our product-led growth strategy; deliver the best PDF experience on and across every platform; improve Acrobat web&#8217;s functionality and ease of use; and expand the number of digital document and workflow-based actions in Acrobat. We are driving innovation with Acrobat AI Assistant, our generative AI-powered tool in Adobe Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader, that allows users to better and more quickly understand their documents with quick answers and generative AI summaries, and Adobe Sensei, our cross-platform AI and machine learning technology to make documents more intelligent and responsive. Additionally, with the integration of Adobe Firefly in Acrobat, our customers can easily generate and edit visuals directly in PDFs. We are unlocking business workflows through PDF and Adobe Acrobat Sign Application Programming Interfaces (&#8220;APIs&#8221;); accelerating Document Cloud adoption through digital and 

direct sales; and deploying diversified go-to-market motions to reach all industries and businesses of all sizes. With over 100 million online searches for PDF-related actions per month, we intend to harness that demand and attract new users and customers to our Document Cloud services through Acrobat web, which allows anyone to quickly access tools to create, edit, convert, sign and compress PDFs through their web browser. As with our Creative Cloud strategy, we utilize a data-driven operating model to market our Document Cloud solutions and optimize our subscription-based pricing for individuals as well as small and medium businesses, large enterprises, students and education users, and government institutions around the world. We utilize our corporate and volume licensing programs to increase our reach in our key markets and are continuing to focus on marketing and licensing Acrobat in targeted vertical markets such as education, financial services, telecommunications and government, and on expanding into emerging markets. We will continue to engage in strategic partnerships to help expand our distribution reach and drive the enterprise business. 

As our Document Cloud customers increasingly expect business processes to be seamless across surfaces and the web, we are expanding our Document Cloud capabilities to meet this need. Adobe Acrobat is available on the web, delivering quick results for common PDF actions with a single click. Users can ask questions using voice commands with Acrobat AI Assistant on mobile devices. Adobe Scan powers mobile devices with scanning capabilities, transforming paper documents into full-featured PDFs. Adobe Acrobat Sign provides a green alternative to costly, paper-based solutions and offers a convenient solution for our customers to digitally manage their documents, automate processes and contract workflows, and is integrated into Acrobat across all surfaces. Acrobat Reader is available on mobile devices, and features AI-powered &#8220;Liquid Mode&#8221; to automatically reformat PDFs for quick navigation and easier consumption on smaller screens. With features offered by AI Assistant and Adobe Firefly as well as new capabilities to Acrobat, Adobe Scan and Acrobat Sign, we help our customers and users continue to migrate away from paper-based processes and adopt our solutions for personalized, digital document experiences, growing our revenue with this business in the process. 

Digital Experience 

Opportunity 

Consumers today buy experiences, not just products, and they demand personalized digital experiences that are relevant, engaging, seamless and secure across an ever-expanding range of channels and surfaces. Businesses increasingly have the same expectations, driving business-to-business (&#8220;B2B&#8221;) companies to deliver equally engaging and seamless experiences as business-to-consumer (&#8220;B2C&#8221;) companies. With AI-powered automation and personalization, people and brands will increasingly stand out through unique creative expression, and the future of experiences across industries and everyday life will become increasingly personalized. Delivering the best, personalized experience at a given moment requires the right combination of data, insights and content across multiple channels in real time and at scale. We have a strategic opportunity to provide solutions that enable real-time personalization at scale and accelerate our customers&#8217; content supply chain, with a streamlined and coordinated process from content ideation through deployment, measurement and optimization. Marketing is also increasingly evolving from a centralized discipline to a multi-practitioner, cross-functional, collaborative field, and marketing and IT teams are looking for a return on investment to demonstrate the business impact of their transformation initiatives. 

Adobe Experience Cloud is powering businesses by helping them provide exceptional personalized experiences to their customers via a comprehensive suite of solutions. Addressing the challenges of customer experience management is a large and growing opportunity and we are in position to help businesses and enterprises invest in solutions that aid their goals to transform how they engage with their customers and constituents digitally. 

Strategy 

Our goal is to be a leading provider of cloud-based solutions for delivering digital experiences and enabling digital transformation. Adobe Experience Cloud Apps and services are designed to manage customer journeys, enable personalized experiences at scale and deliver intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Adobe Experience Platform further strengthens our differentiation by offering a way to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. Further descriptions of our Digital Experience products are included below under &#8220;Principal Products, Services and Solutions.&#8221; 

Adobe Experience Cloud delivers solutions for our customers across the following strategic growth pillars: 

&#8226; Data insights and audiences . Our products deliver actionable data to our customers in real time to enable highly tailored and adaptive experiences across platforms. 

&#8226; Content, commerce and workflows . Our products help our customers manage, deliver, personalize, and optimize content delivery; build multi-channel commerce experiences for B2B and B2C customers; strategically plan, 

manage, collaborate and execute on workflows for marketing campaigns and other projects at speed and scale; and leverage self-serve capabilities to deliver on-brand content. 

&#8226; Customer journeys . Our products help businesses manage, test, target and personalize customer journeys delivered as campaigns across B2B and B2C use cases. 

Our goal is to deploy our capabilities to help enterprises generate highly engaging experiences, enable content creators to enhance creativity and scale content production, and provide marketing strategists with recommendations to improve marketing strategy and enhance the delivery of personalized customer journeys. In our Adobe Experience Cloud, we believe our innovations, natively embedded AI services, and end-to-end content supply chain solutions enhance the delivery and personalization of digital experiences by allowing our customers to gain insights and understand their data, simulate outcomes, automate tasks, generate audiences, create content, optimize marketing campaigns and enable the delivery of more relevant and personalized customer journeys. Adobe Experience Cloud offers domain-specific AI services in areas such as attribution and automated insights, customer journey management, lead management, sentiment analysis, one-click personalization, enhanced anomaly detection and more that work with Adobe Experience Platform to augment our Experience Cloud product offerings. By building on these features and capabilities, we increase the value we provide our customers and create a competitive differentiation in the market. 

Adobe Experience Cloud offers an open platform and ecosystem through Adobe Experience Platform. Adobe Experience Platform&#8217;s open system transforms businesses&#8217; customer data from across their Adobe solutions and third-party software into robust customer profiles. These profiles are updated in real time and include AI-driven insights, allowing a brand to deliver the right customer experiences across channels and deliver true one-to-one personalization. This open architecture offers scalability with a wide variety of supporting products and services and empowers businesses to quickly develop innovative Apps to interact with their customers and enables a broad industry ecosystem. 

To drive growth of Adobe Experience Cloud, we focus on delivering on-brand, customer engagement, growth within existing customer accounts, product differentiation and the best customer experience management solutions for B2B and B2C buyers across enterprise and mid-market segments. We intend to pursue growth through a scaled go-to-market approach focused on C-suite partnerships, transformational accounts, continued customer acquisition, customer value realization and solution expansion. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our Experience Cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We also maintain several strategic partnerships with other technology companies that allow us to increase our market reach. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all these routes to market and believe these investments will result in continued growth in revenue in our Digital Experience segment in fiscal 2025 and beyond. 

Publishing and Advertising 

Our Publishing and Advertising segment contains legacy products and services that address diverse market opportunities including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web App development, high-end printing and our Adobe Advertising offerings. Graphics professionals and professional publishers continue to require quality, reliability and efficiency in production printing, and our Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF printing technologies provide advanced functionality to meet the sophisticated requirements of this marketplace. As high-end printing systems evolve and transition to fully digital, composite workflows, we believe we are well positioned to be a supplier of software and technology based on the Adobe PostScript and Adobe PDF standards for this industry. 

Adobe Advertising delivers an end-to-end, demand-side platform for managing advertising across digital formats and simplifies the delivery of video, display and search advertising across channels and screens. 

We generate revenue in our legacy Publishing products and services by licensing our technology to original equipment manufacturers that manufacture workflow software, printers and other output devices, and we generally generate revenue in Advertising through usage-based offerings. 

COMPETITION 

Overview 

We participate in a rapidly evolving, highly competitive global environment, where our competitors vary by industry and range from large multinational enterprises to smaller entities with specialized and focused product offerings. Across our business, we recognize hundreds of competitors worldwide. The markets for our products and services are characterized by new industry standards, evolving distribution models, rapid technological innovation, frequent product introductions and short 

product life cycles. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products, services and solutions and introduce new ones on a timely and cost-effective basis, accurately predict and meet changing customer needs, provide best-in-class information security to build customer confidence and combat cyber-attacks, extend our core technologies into new Apps and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological changes. 

A summary of the competitive environment for each of our business segments is included below. See the section titled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; contained in Part I , Item 1A of this report for additional information regarding risks related to competition. 

Digital Media 

Our Digital Media segment faces competition from large, established companies and smaller, more recent entrants. These companies offer a variety of products, including multi-product packages, point offerings, free products, websites, downloadable Apps and other products and offerings. We compete in a rapidly evolving and growing market and face significant direct or indirect competition from: 

&#8226; software companies and AI companies; 

&#8226; device, hardware, mobile device and camera manufacturers, including those that integrate software and AI capabilities for digital media, such as photo and video, collaboration tools and content creation; 

&#8226; mobile-first Apps; 

&#8226; web-native tools and platforms; 

&#8226; social media platforms that provide digital media offerings, including editing capabilities; 

&#8226; providers of stock content; 

&#8226; digital document creation, storage, collaboration and signing providers; 

&#8226; productivity and presentation tools; 

&#8226; operating system developers that integrate digital media document viewers and markup features with their operating systems; and 

&#8226; proprietary and open-source web-authoring tools. 

We believe competitive factors in our markets include: 

&#8226; brand, product features and functionalities; 

&#8226; integration with related tools, third-party Apps and workflows; 

&#8226; the intuitiveness and visual appeal of user interfaces; 

&#8226; demonstrable cost-effective benefits to our customers; 

&#8226; pricing; 

&#8226; the flexibility of services to match our customers&#8217; evolving demands; 

&#8226; the availability, usability and accessibility of our products, services and solutions; 

&#8226; success in educating our customers in how to utilize services effectively; 

&#8226; the ability to create and use AI models and integrate AI capabilities for digital media creation, generation, collaboration and editing; and 

&#8226; responsible and secure data handling and storage protocols. 

We attract our customers and users in this segment through our broad and comprehensive array of high-quality products and services, which are powerful, standalone tools that also work well together and complement one another. With Creative Cloud, we believe we compete well with our features and functionality, AI models and capabilities, ease of use, product reliability, value and performance characteristics. For example, with Adobe Firefly, we believe we compete well by offering generative AI models designed to be safe for commercial use and AI capabilities that are natively integrated into our products, 

and with Adobe Express, we believe we compete well by making our creative technologies accessible to a wide audience and enabling easy-to-use, efficient content creation, collaboration and sharing for quick projects. With Adobe Document Cloud, we believe we compete well through our PDF offerings, features and functionalities that are critical tools for millions of business communicators, and our brand. 

Digital Experience 

Our Digital Experience segment competes in markets that are growing and evolving rapidly and characterized by intense competition. Our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions face competition from: 

&#8226; large, established companies, including large enterprise software, AI, internet and database management companies; 

&#8226; point product solutions and focused companies; 

&#8226; new companies constantly entering the digital experience markets; 

&#8226; companies that provide Software-as-a-Service (&#8220;SaaS&#8221;) solutions to our customers, generally through the web and software that is installed by our customers directly on their servers; and 

&#8226; Our customers&#8217; or potential customers&#8217; internally-developed Apps. 

We believe competitive factors in our markets include: 

&#8226; the proven performance, security, scalability, flexibility and reliability of services; 

&#8226; the strategic relationships and integration with third-party Apps; 

&#8226; the intuitiveness and visual appeal of our interfaces; 

&#8226; demonstrable cost-effective benefits to our customers; 

&#8226; pricing; 

&#8226; the flexibility of services to match changing business demands; 

&#8226; enterprise-level customer service and training; 

&#8226; brand; 

&#8226; data governance features and functionality; 

&#8226; product features and functionality and the usability of services; 

&#8226; near real-time data and reporting; 

&#8226; independence from portals and search engines; 

&#8226; the ability to deploy the services globally; 

&#8226; success in educating our customers in how to utilize services effectively; and 

&#8226; the integration and customization of high-quality AI models and the ability to customize and use such AI models. 

We believe we compete well with our enterprise and low-cost alternatives based on many of these competitive factors, including: 

&#8226; our strong feature set; 

&#8226; the breadth of our offerings, which work well together and complement one another as part of Adobe Experience Cloud; 

&#8226; our focus on global, multi-brand companies; 

&#8226; provision of AI through Adobe Sensei AI services; 

&#8226; our intuitive user experience; 

&#8226; tools for building multi-screen; 

&#8226; tools for managing data across Apps and geographies; 

&#8226; cross-channel Apps; 

&#8226; standards-based architecture; 

&#8226; scalability; 

&#8226; connecting content creation with digital experience delivery, personalization and optimization; and 

&#8226; performance. 

Publishing and Advertising 

Our Publishing and Advertising segment faces competition from large-scale publishing systems and Extensible Markup Language-based publishing companies and smaller desktop-publishing products. Our eLearning solutions and web conferencing products face competition from a number of established products from other large software companies. Competition involves a number of factors, including product features, ease-of-use, the level of customization and integration supported, the number of hardware platforms supported, service and price. We believe we can successfully compete based upon the quality and features of our products, their complementarity with our Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Document Cloud and Digital Experience products and our strong brand among users. 

PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS 

Digital Media Offerings 

Adobe Creative Cloud 

Adobe Creative Cloud is a cloud-based subscription to a collection of Apps that enables creative professionals and enthusiasts alike to express themselves and collaborate with Apps and services for photography, design, video, social media, and more that connect across surfaces, platforms and geographies. Subscribers have access to cloud storage to easily sync, access, collaborate and share their work, files and assets. 

Creative Cloud paid plans include the Adobe Firefly web App, the premium version of Adobe Express, and AI-powered features natively integrated throughout Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Premiere Pro. Creative Cloud, Adobe Firefly, and Adobe Express plans include a monthly allocation of Generative Credits, which are tokens that enable subscribers to use our generative AI features to generate content using text-based prompts. All Apps listed below and many more are available through subscriptions to Creative Cloud (except Substance 3D Apps, which are sold separately through the Adobe Substance 3D Collection plan), and many of our Apps are also available as standalone subscriptions on Adobe.com. Adobe Acrobat Pro is available as part of our Creative Cloud All Apps subscription and on a standalone basis and allows users to create, convert and edit PDFs, including text and images. Additionally, certain Creative Cloud Apps, such as Adobe Express, are available in Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, allowing users to quickly use assets and Creative Cloud tools to create on-brand content. 

Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom 

Adobe Photoshop is the world&#8217;s most advanced digital imaging and design App, with powerful editing and effects tools to transform photos. It is available on desktop, iPad and through a web version. Features include Generative Fill, Generative Expand, Generate Similar and Generate Background, which allow our customers to use text prompts to quickly create, add to, remove, duplicate or replace images, or expand the borders of an existing image with AI-generated content without leaving Adobe Photoshop; the Adjustment Brush Tool, which&#8239;combines the traditional workflow of selecting, masking, and applying an adjustment into one step, simplifying the way of making local adjustments; and Distraction Removal smart technology to help remove people, wires, poles and other distractions from images. Adobe Lightroom is our cloud-based photo App that allows subscribers to edit, organize, store and share photos across desktop, tablet, mobile devices and the web. Features include Lens Blur to blur the background or foreground by making a depth map of the photo using AI; the Denoise feature to remove noise in RAW photos; People Masking features to automatically select and edit facial hair and clothing; and Generative Remove, which uses Adobe Firefly to remove unwanted objects and distractions in a photo. In addition to individual subscriptions to Photoshop and Lightroom, we offer a Photography Plan, which is a more limited cloud-based offering than Creative Cloud, targeted at photographers and photo enthusiasts and includes Photoshop, Lightroom and Lightroom Classic. 

Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Fresco 

Adobe Illustrator is our industry-standard vector graphics App for desktop and iPad used worldwide by designers of all types who want to create digital graphics and illustrations for all kinds of media&#8212;print, web, interactive, video and mobile&#8212;from web and mobile graphics to product packaging to book illustrations and billboards. Features include Adobe Firefly-powered Generative Recolor, which enables users to generate different color palettes using text prompts and apply them to their illustrations; Objects on Path to empower users to quickly attach, arrange and move an object along any path of their art board; and Enhanced Image Trace to make it easier and faster to convert images to vectors. Adobe Fresco is our free illustration App, available on various surfaces, that brings together the world&#8217;s largest collection of vector and raster brushes and AI-powered Live Brushes to deliver a natural painting and drawing experience. 

Adobe Premiere Pro 

Adobe Premiere Pro is a nonlinear video editing App used by filmmakers, TV editors, YouTubers and videographers. Our customers can import and combine various types of media, from video shot on a mobile device to 8K to virtual reality, and then edit in its native format without transcoding. Automated tools and workflows for color, graphics, audio and immersive 360/VR make the editing process more efficient. Premiere Pro offers Text-Based Editing, which allows our customers to review transcripts or search for keywords to find and edit the right content faster and AI-powered Enhance Speech to remove noise and improve the quality of dialogue clips. 

Adobe After Effects 

Adobe After Effects is our industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects App used by a wide variety of animators, designers and compositors to create cinematic movie titles, add effects and create animations. With an AI-enhanced Roto Brush, users can cut out objects from footage faster and more accurately than ever. After Effects works together seamlessly with other Adobe Apps such as Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Audition, as well as third party software and hardware partners. 

Adobe InDesign 

Adobe InDesign is a design and layout App for print and digital media. Our customers use it to create, preflight and publish a broad range of content including books, eBooks, digital magazines, posters and interactive PDFs for print, online and tablet App delivery. Integrations with other Adobe Apps such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Stock, Adobe Firefly, Adobe InCopy and Adobe Experience Manager expands InDesign&#8217;s capabilities and allows our customers to collaborate and share content, fonts and graphics across projects. Our customers can also access Adobe&#8217;s digital publishing capabilities from within InDesign to create and publish engaging Apps for a broad range of surfaces. 

Adobe Express 

Adobe Express is our all-in-one AI content creation App for users of any level, such as novice content creators and communicators, to easily create video, marketing, and social content. Users can easily design high-impact design elements, engaging videos and images, resumes, PDFs, animation and content ready for Instagram, TikTok and other social channels and platforms. The App features guided tools, one-click solutions for quick projects, simple drag and drop functions, collaboration tools, thousands of templates and access to more than 20,000 fonts and the entire Adobe Stock photo collection, and allows users to easily plan, schedule, preview, and publish content all from one place. Adobe Firefly integrated into Adobe Express makes it possible to quickly generate custom images and text effects from text prompts in over 100 languages and is designed to be commercially safe. Also available in Adobe GenStudio and Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing, Adobe Express allows marketers to quickly resize and reformat assets to create content variations for any channel. Adobe Express is available on mobile devices and the web. With Adobe Express, Creative Cloud subscribers can easily access, edit and work with creative assets from Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator directly, or add linked files into Adobe Express that always stay in sync across Apps. 

Adobe Firefly, Adobe Firefly Services and Custom Models 

Adobe Firefly is our family of creative generative AI models and standalone web App for exploring AI-assisted creative expression. Firefly&#8217;s foundation generative AI models allow users to generate images, text effects, design templates, and vector graphics using a text description. Firefly AI models include a version of the Firefly Image Model that generates high-quality images from text prompts, a Firefly Vector Model that generates fully editable vector graphics, a Firefly Design Model that generates fully editable design templates, and a Firefly Video Model (public beta) that generates video from text or image prompts. Firefly supports text prompts in more than 100 languages. In addition, with Adobe Firefly for Enterprise, certain businesses are eligible to obtain an intellectual property indemnification for AI-generated content generated by most Firefly- 

powered workflows. Firefly-powered generative AI features are also available in a number of our products including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Express, Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Stock. Firefly is available for free with a limited number of Generative Credits per month. Once that limit is reached, users and subscribers can buy additional Generative Credits through a Firefly paid subscription plan. 

Also available for enterprises are Adobe Firefly Services and Custom Models. Firefly Services provides enterprises with APIs, tools and services for content generation, editing and assembly, to automate the production of content while maintaining quality and control. Custom Models enable enterprises to train generative AI models based on their intellectual property, product and brand styles across a wide variety of use cases such as localization or merchandising for e-commerce, maintaining and propagating brand consistency at scale across their organizations. 

Adobe Firefly-generated content is designed to be commercially safe. The Firefly generative AI model is trained on data Adobe has the rights to use. Every asset created using Firefly includes Content Credentials, a digital &#8220;nutrition label&#8221;, to indicate that generative AI was used, bringing more trust and transparency to digital content. 

Adobe Stock 

Adobe Stock provides designers and businesses with access to millions of high-quality, curated, royalty-free photos, vectors, illustrations, videos, templates, audio and 3D assets, for all their creative projects. Adobe Stock is built into our Creative Cloud Apps, including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign and Adobe Express, enabling users to search, browse and add assets to their Creative Cloud Libraries and instantly access them across all connected surfaces. Adobe Stock assets include free and paid collections and may be licensed directly within Adobe&#8217;s Apps, through stock.adobe.com or as a multi-asset subscription. 

Frame.io 

Frame.io is our cloud-native creative collaboration platform that streamlines the production of creative assets by enabling creative professionals and key project stakeholders to collaborate with real-time upload, review and approval, frame-accurate commenting, annotations and more. Frame.io includes support for video beyond post-production workflows including casting, location scouting, footage reviews, and marketing campaign management, as well as still images, design files and PDFs. Frame.io is directly integrated with Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Lightroom and Adobe Workfront to allow video creators to request and receive streamlined frame-specific comments directly in those Apps. Frame.io&#8217;s Camera to Cloud functionality allows creators to automatically upload footage from cameras and other recording devices on set directly into Frame.io for review, with integrations for still image cameras that can connect natively to the platform. Frame.io, along with Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly Services, are available in Adobe GenStudio to enable content production at scale. 

Adobe Substance 3D Collection 

Adobe Substance 3D is an ecosystem of desktop Apps, including Substance 3D Stager, Substance 3D Painter, Substance 3D Sampler, Substance 3D Designer and Substance 3D Modeler. Our customers can build and assemble 3D scenes with Stager, use tools in Painter to texture 3D assets, from advanced brushes to Smart Materials that automatically adapt to your model and use Sampler to digitize and enrich assets. Substance 3D Assets is a 3D materials library from which users can import professional quality 3D textures into their projects and generate infinite texture variations. Substance 3D Modeler, which is available on desktop and certain VR headsets, interprets spatial input from the physical world, allowing the user to sculpt a model as if in a real workshop, using natural, fluid gestures of the artistic flow, and switch between VR and desktop, at every project stage. 

Behance 

Behance is a social community for creators to showcase and discover creative work online and live-stream their skills and creations from Creative Cloud Apps. Adobe Portfolio allows users to quickly and simply build a fully customizable and hosted website that seamlessly syncs with Behance. 

Adobe Document Cloud 

Adobe Document Cloud is a cloud-based subscription offering that enables complete, reliable and automated digital document and signature workflows across desktop, mobile, web and third-party enterprise Apps to drive business productivity for individuals, teams, small businesses and enterprises. With Document Cloud, users can create, review, approve, sign and track documents and store them in the cloud for easy access and sharing across surfaces. Document Cloud includes Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Acrobat Sign, Adobe Scan and other Apps and API services that work standalone or integrate with users&#8217; existing productivity Apps, processes and systems. 

All the Apps listed below are available through a subscription to Adobe Acrobat. With the Acrobat Standard plan, subscribers can convert, edit, request signatures, and protect PDFs. The Acrobat Pro plan, available through both our Creative Cloud and Document Cloud businesses, offers additional advanced PDF features. Acrobat AI Assistant, our generative AI-powered conversational engine, gives our users the power to work more productively with their documents with its ability to summarize and answer questions about documents, provide intelligent citations and quickly generate and format content for sharing. Acrobat AI Assistant is offered as an add-on to Acrobat Pro, Acrobat Standard and Acrobat Reader. We also offer Acrobat subscription plans for teams and enterprises. Adobe Acrobat Sign is included in Adobe Acrobat subscriptions for individuals and teams. Document Cloud for enterprise includes Acrobat, Acrobat Sign, and APIs including third-party partner integrations. Acrobat Reader and Adobe Scan are also separately available as free downloads. 

Adobe Acrobat 

At the heart of Adobe Document Cloud is Adobe Acrobat, our comprehensive PDF solution with a full set of tools to convert, edit, share and sign PDFs across various surfaces and platforms. Acrobat enables automated, collaborative workflows with a rich set of commenting, editing and sharing tools and direct integration with Adobe Acrobat Sign. Acrobat&#8217;s unified Share button combines sharing a link, sending the file by email, and sharing a file with others into one streamlined action, simplifying the sharing and review experience. Our Acrobat Chrome and Edge extensions allow users to access our Acrobat tools without leaving the web browser. 

Adobe Acrobat Reader 

Adobe Acrobat Reader, our free software for reliable viewing, annotating and printing of PDF documents on a variety of surfaces and platforms, offers features to create, edit, export, combine, share and collaborate on PDF documents, including the &#8220;Liquid Mode&#8221; feature that automatically reformats PDFs for quick navigation and consumption on mobile devices. Users of both Acrobat and Acrobat Reader can also access, edit and save changes to their PDF files stored in Adobe Document Cloud, or other third-party cloud storage services. 

Adobe Scan 

Adobe Scan can be used for free on mobile devices to provide scanning capabilities in the pocket of every person. It captures paper documents as images and transforms them into full-featured and versatile PDFs via Adobe Document Cloud services for instant sharing with others. Optical character recognition allows users to convert scanned documents into editable, searchable PDF files instantly. 

Adobe Acrobat Sign 

Our cloud-based e-signature service, Adobe Acrobat Sign, allows users securely to send any document electronically for signature across surfaces. Through web and mobile Apps, Acrobat Sign enables users to e-sign documents and forms, send them for signature, track responses in real time and obtain instant signatures with in-person signing. Acrobat Sign also integrates with users&#8217; enterprise systems through a comprehensive set of APIs and Adobe Experience Manager Forms and Advanced Workflows for Acrobat Sign, to create forms and provide seamless experiences to our customers across web and mobile sites. 

Digital Experience Offerings 

Adobe Experience Cloud is a comprehensive collection of best-in-class products, services and solutions to manage the customer experience, all integrated into a cloud platform, along with service, support and an open ecosystem. Adobe Sensei uses AI and machine learning technology to analyze large amounts of data and make intelligent in-App recommendations, automate repetitive tasks, and drive real-time decisions within our products. Adobe Sensei GenAI allows customer experience and marketing teams to use natively embedded generative AI to deliver more accurate and personal customer journeys. 

Experience Cloud is comprised of the following sets of solutions for our customers: Adobe Experience Platform; Data Insights and Audiences; Content, Commerce and Workflows; and Customer Journeys, which are each described below. 

Adobe Experience Platform 

Adobe Experience Platform is a purpose-built platform for customer experience management that helps businesses collect, connect and activate their known and unknown customer data from every interaction across sources and channels in real time to create unified customer profiles. Adobe Experience Platform standardizes data for intelligence and profile creation and provides an open and extensible cloud infrastructure, real-time updates, and AI-driven insights and scalability. Federated Audience Composition allows our customers of Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform and Adobe Journey Optimizer to use data from their data partners directly to enrich existing high-value audiences and attributes all in one system. Adobe 

Experience Platform also offers Query Service and Data Science Workspace, which enable businesses to gain deeper insights from stored datasets and customer journey intelligence. These tools leverage predefined data-driven operational best practices, AI and business intelligence to enable and optimize real-time decisions, actions and business processes. Our customers can leverage Adobe Experience Platform to activate AI-driven insights across all Adobe Experience Cloud Apps in near real time. Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant is a generative AI-powered conversational interface that answers technical questions, automates tasks, simulates outcomes and generates new audiences and journeys across applications such as Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Adobe Customer Journey Analytics. Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant uses a collection of experience models designed to address the context of each use case and allows for quick data navigation as needed. 

Data Insights and Audiences 

Our Data Insights and Audiences solutions enable our customers to stitch together their data from across the consumer journey into a single view to provide insights based on every interaction in real time, easily share data and analyses across teams and organizations and use AI and machine learning to optimize personalization. The following is a brief description of our products for Data Insights and Audiences. 

Adobe Analytics 

Adobe Analytics helps our customers create a holistic view of their business by turning their customer interactions into actionable insights. Driven by AI and machine learning, Adobe Analytics collects, organizes and structures vast streams of data from virtually any channel, including streaming web data, to deliver real-time insights that are easy for our customers to process, analyze and share to quickly identify problems and opportunities and to drive conversion and relevant customer experiences. Our customers can use these analytics to continuously improve marketing activities and better direct their marketing spend. Our Analysis Workspace features a drag-and-drop interface that allows our customers to craft an analysis, add visualizations so they can bring data to life, curate a dataset and share and schedule projects across their organization, among other features. 

Adobe Customer Journey Analytics 

Adobe Customer Journey Analytics brings a powerful set of analytics tools that allow our customers to interactively explore and visualize the end-to-end customer journey across multiple channels and utilize AI-powered insights, while making such analytics more accessible across their organization, to ensure that customer journeys flow seamlessly regardless of channel. 

Adobe Product Analytics 

Adobe Product Analytics enables product teams to self-serve data and insights about their product experience through guided analysis workflows built on cross-channel data from Adobe Customer Journey Analytics. This cross-functional analytics suite allows product teams to partner closely with their marketing and customer experience counterparts to coordinate and deliver more personalized customer experiences across all channels using a single source of data, audience, and metrics. Adobe Product Analytics has native integrations across Adobe Experience Platform, including integrations with Adobe Journey Optimizer and Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform that allow product owners to act immediately by publishing real-time audiences for activation. 

Adobe Mix Modeler 

Adobe Mix Modeler is a self-serve, AI-powered solution that helps organizations measure, optimize, and plan marketing investments. Adobe Mix Modeler applies machine learning models that provide insights via cross-channel, summary datasets in Adobe Experience Platform on the historic and future impact of marketing investments on key business goals. This holistic understanding of the top-to-bottom impact of campaigns enables marketers to measure, plan, monitor, and adjust all marketing campaigns in a single App. 

Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform 

Adobe Real-Time Customer Data Platform is an App service that delivers real-time personalization at scale to enable our customers to bring together and securely collaborate on their first-party customer data to activate in real-time their customer and account profiles that allow for B2B and B2C marketers to deliver timely, relevant experiences across channels. Real-Time Customer Data Platform does this by activating a business&#8217; unified customer profiles on Adobe Experience Platform across channels to leverage intelligent decision making throughout the customer journey and deliver hyper-personalized experiences across all known channels and surfaces. Real-Time Customer Data Platform utilizes an open and extensible architecture that 

allows integration with a variety of data sources and activation touchpoints and provides continuous data refreshes to keep their customer profiles updated in near real time. 

Content, Commerce and Workflows 

Our Content, Commerce and Workflows solutions help our customers manage, deliver, personalize and optimize on-brand content across web, mobile and App interfaces, as well as enable shopping experiences that scale from mid-market to enterprise businesses, across surfaces and channels. The following is a brief description of our products for Content, Commerce and Workflows. 

Adobe Experience Manager 

Adobe Experience Manager combines digital asset management with a content management system and an end-to-end digital document solution. Adobe Experience Manager Sites provides a marketer and developer-friendly content management system built on a scalable, cloud-native foundation to create and deploy personalized experiences across every channel. Adobe Experience Manager Assets offers cloud-native digital asset management to create, manage, deliver and optimize personalized experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Manager is also available in GenStudio for Performance Marketing, allowing marketers to retrieve generated assets and associated metadata for generating campaign assets. Adobe Experience Manager Forms provides a cloud-native and scalable solution for personalized end-to-end digital customer onboarding and enrollment, enabling our customers to create, manage, publish and approve forms and documents. 

Adobe Experience Manager Screens allows our customers to connect online and in-venue experiences through digital signage. Adobe Developer App Builder provides a set of tools and services for our customers&#8217; developers to extend Experience Manager to their existing infrastructure and apply unique parameters to make the UI look and feel unique for their businesses. 

Adobe Commerce 

Adobe Commerce offers a highly customizable, end-to-end e-commerce platform to manage, personalize and optimize the commerce experience for physical and digital goods across every touchpoint by bringing together digital commerce, order management and predictive intelligence to enable engaging shopping experiences across B2B, B2C and direct-to-consumer. Based on an open-source ecosystem with thousands of third-party extensions, Adobe Commerce extends beyond the online shopping cart to shoppable experiences, with actionable data analysis and automated back-end workflows, native integrations with other Adobe products, such as Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target and Adobe Experience Manager, and the capability to be scalable and extensible. 

Adobe Workfront 

Adobe Workfront provides a unified work management App to enable teams to work more efficiently, with tools to strategize, plan, execute, review and deliver on complex workflows. Integrations with Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Experience Manager Assets allow our enterprise customers to scale content production with greater speed and efficiency. Adobe Workfront Planning, offered within Adobe Workfront, streamlines enterprise planning by delivering a comprehensive view of all marketing activities in an organization and enabling teams to be more strategic in planning and execution with full visibility into day-to-day marketing operations. 

Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing 

Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing is a generative AI-first product within Adobe GenStudio that enables marketing teams to use generative AI to quickly create on-brand advertisements and emails to deliver relevant and personalized experiences to their customers, while allowing brand and creative teams to retain oversight and strategic direction with brand guardrails. Businesses can import content performance data from third party platforms into Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing to understand campaign impact and optimize campaign performance. Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing natively integrates Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, including Adobe Express and Adobe Experience Manager Assets, to optimize the process of planning, creating, managing, activating and measuring content for marketing campaigns and personalized customer experiences. 

Customer Journeys 

Our Customer Journeys solutions enable our customers to manage and orchestrate individual cross-channel campaigns that encourage meaningful customer experiences, personalize content and deliver optimized experiences at scale that are important to each of their customers and plan, orchestrate and measure engagement with their prospects and consumers at every stage of the customer journey. The following is a brief description of our products for Customer Journeys. 

Adobe Marketo Engage 

Adobe Marketo Engage is a customer experience management solution optimized for B2B, cross-channel campaigns by bringing together planning, engagement and measurement capabilities into an integrated marketing platform. Capabilities include lead nurturing and management; predictive account profiling for creating account-based experiences; integrated sales App; and integrations with third-party marketing Apps and Adobe Experience Cloud. Adobe Marketo Engage simplifies how companies plan, orchestrate and measure engagement at each stage of the customer experience, and allows companies to better align marketing and sales to engage high priority accounts. 

Adobe Campaign 

Adobe Campaign is optimized for managing B2C cross-channel marketing campaigns. Adobe Campaign enables businesses to orchestrate the entire customer journey and use their customer data to create, coordinate and deliver dynamic, personalized experiences that are synchronized across channels, including email, mobile and offline, and determined by their consumers&#8217; behaviors and preferences. Adobe Campaign&#8217;s features also include AI-powered email management, multidimensional targeting, in-App messaging and dynamic, customizable reports to analyze success. 

Adobe Target 

Adobe Target is an AI- and machine learning-driven personalization engine that lets our customers test, target and optimize content across channels. With Adobe Target, our customers have the tools they need to create omnichannel personalized experiences and create A/B and multivariate tests, done at scale through AI-powered automation so they can quickly discover the best experience for their customers and deliver that experience across all touchpoints. 

Adobe Journey Optimizer 

Adobe Journey Optimizer is a scalable App built on Adobe Experience Platform that allows businesses to orchestrate and deliver personalized, connected customer journeys across any App, surface, screen, or channel across B2B and B2C. With this solution, brands can manage inbound customer engagement with outbound omnichannel campaigns and offer personalized content based on real-time profiles, data-driven insights, cloud-native scalability and API extensibility, all within a single App, and, for our B2B customers, build buying groups aligned to their organization&#8217;s product portfolio. Businesses can trigger individual consumer journeys and use real-time insights to personalize that journey, as well as visually map individual journeys across systems in an intuitive, workflow-based interface. Adobe Journey Optimizer also allows our customers to track detailed performance of executed journeys and how individuals are progressing in real time, with data automatically sent to Adobe Experience Platform to allow full-funnel analysis. 

Other Products, Services and Solutions 

We also offer a broad range of other enterprise and digital media products, services and solutions. Information about other products, services and solutions not referenced here can be found on our corporate website, adobe.com. 

OPERATIONS 

Marketing and Sales 

We market our products, services and solutions directly to enterprise customers through our sales force and local field offices and directly to businesses and consumers. We license our products to end-user customers through App stores and our own website at adobe.com. We offer many of our products via a SaaS model or a managed services model (both of which are referred to as hosted or cloud-based) as well as through term subscription and pay-per-use models. Our subscriptions and free plans include a monthly plan-specific number of Generative Credits for generative AI creation with Adobe Firefly. We market and distribute our products through sales channels, which include distributors, retailers, software developers, mobile App stores, systems integrators, independent software vendors and value-added resellers, as well as through original equipment manufacturers and hardware manufacturers. 

Our local field offices include locations in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Republic of Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States. 

We sell most of our products through a software subscription model where our customers purchase access to a product for a specific period during which they always have rights to use the most recent version of that product. We also license perpetual versions of certain products with maintenance and support, which includes rights to upgrades, when and if available, support, updates and enhancements. 

Services and Support 

We provide expert consulting, customer success management, technical support and learning services across all our customer segments, which include enterprises, small and medium businesses, creative professionals and consumers. With a focus on ensuring sustained customer success and realized value, this comprehensive portfolio of services is designed to help our customers and partners maximize the return on their investments in our cloud solutions and licensed products. 

Consulting Services 

We have a global professional services team dedicated to designing and implementing solutions for our largest customers. Our professional services team uses a comprehensive, customer-focused methodology that has been refined over years of capturing and analyzing best practices from numerous customer engagements across a diverse mix of solutions, industries and customer segments. Our customers continually seek to integrate across Adobe&#8217;s products and cloud solutions and engage our professional services teams for their expertise in leading our customers&#8217; digital strategies, multi-solution integrations and in running our customers&#8217; platforms. Using our methodology, our professional services teams can accelerate our customers&#8217; time to value and maximize their return on investment in Adobe solutions. 

Another key component of Adobe&#8217;s strategy is developing a large partner ecosystem to expand the availability of Adobe solutions in the global marketplace. To assist partners in building their respective digital practices, Adobe Global Services provides a comprehensive set of deliverables through Adobe&#8217;s Solution Partner Program. The breadth of services offered in the program provides systems integrators, agencies and regional partners the tools required to develop core capabilities for positioning and building with Adobe technology, as well as implementing and running our customers&#8217; platforms. We believe that through these programmatic services and support, our joint customers benefit greatly from the combination of Adobe technology and the deep customer context that our partners represent. 

Customer Success Account Management 

Adobe Customer Solutions provides Customer Success Managers, who work with our enterprise and commercial customers on an ongoing basis to understand their current and future business needs, promote faster solution adoption and align product capabilities to our customers&#8217; business objectives to maximize the return on their investment in Adobe&#8217;s offerings. We share innovative best practices, relevant industry and vertical knowledge and proven success strategies based on our extensive engagements with leading marketers and brands. The performance of these teams is directly associated with our customer-focused outcomes. 

Technical Support 

Adobe provides enterprise maintenance and support services to our subscription customers as part of the subscription entitlement and to our perpetual license customers via annual fee-based maintenance and support programs. These offerings provide our customers with: 

&#8226; technical support on the products our customers have purchased from Adobe; 

&#8226; &#8220;how to&#8221; help in using our products; and 

&#8226; product upgrades and enhancements during the term of the maintenance and support or subscription period, which is typically one to three years. 

We provide product support through our support organization that includes several regional and global support centers, supplemented with outsourced vendors for specific services. Our customers can seek help through multiple channels including phone, chat, web, social media and email, allowing quick and easy access to the information they need. These teams are responsible for providing timely, high-quality technical expertise on all our products. 

Certain consumers are eligible to receive Getting Started support, to assist with easy adoption of their products. Support for some products and in some countries may vary. For our enterprise customers with greater support needs, we offer personalized service options through premium support offerings, delivered by global support centers and technical account managers who can also provide proactive risk mitigation services and on-site support services for those with business-critical deployments. 

We also offer delivery assurance, technical support and enablement services to partners and developer organizations. We provide developers with high-quality tools, software development kits, information and services. 

Digital Learning Services 

Adobe Customer Solutions offers a comprehensive portfolio of learning and enablement services to assist our customer and partner teams in the use of our products, including those within Digital Experience, Digital Media and other legacy products, services and solutions. Our training portfolio includes a large number of free online self-service learning options on learning.adobe.com. Adobe Digital Learning Services also has an extensive portfolio of fee-based learning programs including a wide range of traditional classroom, virtual and on-demand training and certifications delivered by our team of training professionals and partners across the globe. 

These core offerings are complemented by our custom learning services, which support our largest enterprise customers and their unique requirements. Solution-specific skills assessments help our enterprise customers objectively assess the knowledge and competencies within their marketing teams and tailor their learning priorities accordingly. 

Investments 

From time to time, we make direct investments in privately held companies. We enter these investments with the intent of securing financial returns as well as for strategic purposes, as they often increase our knowledge of technological developments in the industry and expand our opportunities to provide Adobe products, services, and solutions. 

RESEARCH &#38; DEVELOPMENT 

With the speed of innovation and technological change that characterizes the software industry, a continuous high level of investment is required for the research and development of the cutting-edge technologies that lead to the development of new products, services and solutions and the continual enhancement of existing products, services and solutions. Our Adobe Research team of research scientists, engineers, artists and designers help turn ideas into technologies that power the future of our products, services and solutions. We are investing, and intend to continue to invest, in research and development to strengthen our existing products, services and solutions, and to expand our offerings across our clouds and the next generation of AI, machine learning and deep learning-driven tools and features to solve problems in areas such as content understanding and generation, recommendations, personalization and more. 

In addition to our own research and development, we acquire products or technology developed by others by purchasing the stock or assets of the business entity that owns the technology. In other instances, we have licensed or purchased the intellectual property ownership rights of programs developed by others with license or technology transfer agreements that may obligate us to pay a flat license fee or royalties, typically based on a dollar amount per unit or a percentage of the revenue generated by those programs. 

PROTECTING AND LICENSING OUR PRODUCTS 

We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, foreign intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. We have U.S. and international patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our products and technology. Although our patents have value, no single patent is essential to any of our principal businesses. We have also registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. 

We license our desktop software and mobile Apps to users and customers under &#8216;click through&#8217; or signed license agreements containing restrictions on duplication, disclosure and transfer. Similarly, cloud products and services are provided to users and customers under &#8216;click through&#8217; or signed agreements containing restrictions on access and use. Our enterprise customers license our hosted offerings as SaaS or Managed Services via agreements based on our enterprise licensing terms. 

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop Apps with the same functionality as our Apps. Policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult. We believe that our subscription-based business model combined with the increased focus on cloud-based computing has and may continue to improve our efforts to combat the pirating of our products. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

Our culture is built on the foundation that our people and the way we treat one another promote creativity, innovation and performance, which spur our success. We are continually investing in our global workforce to provide fair and market-competitive pay and benefits to support our employees&#8217; wellbeing, foster their growth and development, and to further drive diversity and inclusion. As of November 29, 2024, we employed 30,709 people, of which 50% were in the United States and 50% were in our international locations. During fiscal 2024, our total attrition rate was 7.8%. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Understanding employee sentiment and listening to employee feedback is important to Adobe. We utilize a variety of feedback mechanisms throughout an employee lifecycle to gather insights that help inform our decision-making regarding employee programs, talent risks, management opportunities, employee networks and more. In fiscal 2024, 81% of our employees participated in our most recent engagement survey. 

Digital transformation has fundamentally changed how people work, and we continue to lean into digital-first workflows, tools and resources to enable us to be productive, wherever we are. We also believe in the value of people being together&#8212;fostering trust, relationships and collaboration and innovation. We have evolved into a hybrid model, in which employees who are assigned to an office can divide their work between the office and home about half the time. We continue to pilot, test and iterate our approach to support new ways of working and evolving the employee experience. 

We encourage you to visit our website for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives. 

Compensation, Benefits and Wellbeing 

Adobe offers fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees&#8217; overall wellbeing. To ensure alignment with our short- and long-term objectives, our compensation programs for all employees include base pay, short-term incentives and opportunities for long-term incentives. We believe this alignment, whether through equity awards issued by Adobe or participation in our employee stock purchase plan, makes employee shareholders more deeply connected to Adobe and engaged in contributing to our long-term success. 

Our benefit programs focus on four key wellbeing pillars: physical, emotional, financial and work and life. We offer a wide array of benefits including comprehensive health and welfare insurance, ergonomic support, employee assistance programs, wellbeing support programs, retirement, financial coaches and generous time-off and leave. In addition, we provide educational tools and resources, such as the global wellbeing speaker series, to help employees reach their personal wellbeing goals. We also strive to build community by bringing together our employees through onsite events, discussion groups, messaging forums and our Employee Networks as we believe that a sense of belonging contributes to our employees&#8217; overall wellbeing. 

Growth and Development 

We provide employees with opportunities to build and develop a meaningful career. The Global Talent Development team creates programs to grow leaders and continually enhance the skills of our employee base. In addition to the content and experiences created in house, employees also have access to on-demand content via several industry-leading learning platforms. Through Adobe&#8217;s Learning Fund, employees are eligible to receive up to $11,000 per year toward university and short-term learning opportunities. 

We are committed to enabling a culture that celebrates talent sharing, career development and agility across Adobe. We post all roles internally first before sharing them externally and provide resources to make the internal job search easier for employees. We also provide forums for managers and employees to have regular conversations about their career and contributions throughout the year. 

Diversity and Inclusion 

Adobe for All is our vision to advance diversity, equity and inclusion across Adobe. We recognize that when people feel respected and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. As of November 29, 2024, women represented 35.4% of our global employees, and underrepresented minorities (&#8220;URMs,&#8221; defined as those who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander and/or two or more races) represented 11.6% of our U.S. employees. 

We have a three-pillar strategy to grow the diversity and inclusion of our workforce over time, on which we have continued to drive progress during fiscal 2024: 

&#8226; Workforce : We take action to improve the hiring, retention and promotion of a more diverse workforce that reflects Adobe&#8217;s global footprint. We invest in partnerships and events to grow our pipeline and engage candidates across underrepresented communities. We aim to give individuals from nontraditional backgrounds new skills and opportunities to enter technology and design careers through Adobe Digital Academy, in partnership with our educational partners. 

&#8226; Workplace : We believe a sense of inclusion propels high performance resulting in creativity and innovation for Adobe. Consequently, we advance our vision of Adobe for All by building an inclusive environment that inspires a sense of belonging. Our annual Adobe for All event provides a unifying experience for employees to celebrate progress, be inspired by employee and guest speakers&#8217; stories, and have a greater appreciation for how diversity, equity and inclusion positively impacts our people, purpose, and product efforts. We offer family-friendly benefits, support our employee resource groups to create community for employees from underrepresented groups and offer employees learning opportunities to strengthen their allyship. 

&#8226; Ecosystem : Our employees, our customers and the communities we serve care deeply about diversity, equity, and inclusion. As result, we actively align our commitments to our products, partnerships and community engagement to amplify our reach and impact. We collaborate with industry peers to advance diversity across multiple dimensions, including through product equity and accessibility, as well as efforts to address harm and bias in our products. Through the Adobe Foundation, we continue to invest in our Equity and Advancement Initiative and in our partnerships with minority-serving institutions to support their students and faculties and the communities they serve. 

Additional information on our diversity and inclusion programs can be found on our website at adobe.com/corporate-responsibility. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION &#160; 

Our website address is adobe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our Investor Relations website at www.adobe.com/adbe as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information posted to our website and contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (www.adobe.com/adbe), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, including our website and social media, to communicate with our investors and the general public about us, our products, services and solutions and other issues, and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. It is possible that the information that we make available on our website or social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in Adobe to review the information we make available on our website and the social media channels listed on our website. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS &#160; 

Adobe&#8217;s executive officers as of January 13, 2025 are as follows: 

##TABLE_START Name Age Positions Shantanu Narayen 61 Chair and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr. Narayen currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board. He joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of our engineering technology group. In January 1999, he was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Products, and in March 2001, he was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide Product Marketing and Development. In January 2005, Mr. Narayen was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, and effective December 2007, he was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and joined our Board. In January 2017, he was named our Chair of the Board. Mr. Narayen holds a B.S. in Electronics Engineering from Osmania University in India, an M.S. in Computer Science from Bowling Green State University and an M.B.A. from the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START Name Age Positions Daniel Durn 58 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Technology, Security and Operations 

Mr. Durn currently serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Technology, Security and Operations. Mr. Durn joined Adobe in October 2021 as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From August 2017 to October 2021, Mr. Durn served as a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Materials, Inc., a semiconductor equipment company. From December 2015 to August 2017, Mr. Durn served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at NXP Semiconductors N.V., following its merger with Freescale Semiconductor Inc. ("Freescale"). From June 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Durn served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer at Freescale. Before Freescale, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration at GlobalFoundries, a multinational semiconductor company, and he served as Managing Director and Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategy at Mubadala Technology Fund, a private equity fund. Prior to that, Mr. Durn was a Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions in the technology practice at Goldman Sachs &#38; Company, a global investment banking firm. Mr. Durn currently serves on the board of directors of Marvell Technology, Inc., a semiconductor equipment company. Mr. Durn received his MBA in Finance from Columbia Business School and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy with a B.S. in Control Systems Engineering. He served in the Navy for six years, reaching the rank of lieutenant. 

Anil Chakravarthy 57 President, Digital Experience 

Mr. Chakravarthy currently serves as President of Adobe&#8217;s Digital Experience business. Mr. Chakravarthy joined Adobe in January 2020 as Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital Experience and was given responsibility over Worldwide Field Operations in July 2020, when he was appointed Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital Experience Business and Worldwide Field Operations. Prior to joining Adobe, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Informatica LLC ("Informatica"), a software company, from August 2015 to January 2020 and Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer from September 2013 to August 2015. Prior to joining Informatica, for over nine years, Mr. Chakravarthy held multiple leadership roles at Symantec Corporation ("Symantec"), a cybersecurity software and services company, most recently serving as its Executive Vice President, Information Security from February 2013 to September 2013. Prior to Symantec, he was a Director of Product Management for enterprise security services at VeriSign Inc., a network infrastructure company. Mr. Chakravarthy began his career as an engagement manager at McKinsey &#38; Company, a global management consulting firm. He currently serves on the board of Ansys, Inc. and also served on the board of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group until December 2021. Mr. Chakravarthy holds a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from the Institute of Technology, Varanasi, India and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 

David Wadhwani 53 President, Digital Media 

Mr. Wadhwani currently serves as President of Adobe&#8217;s Digital Media business. Mr. Wadhwani rejoined Adobe in June 2021 to lead Adobe&#8217;s global Digital Media business across Adobe Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud as Chief Business Officer and Executive Vice President, Digital Media. Prior to joining Adobe, he was a Venture Partner at Greylock Partners, a venture capital firm, since October 2019. From September 2015 to October 2019, he was President and CEO of AppDynamics, a software company. Before that, Mr. Wadhwani previously worked at Adobe as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Adobe&#8217;s Digital Media business, having joined Adobe in 2005 through the Company&#8217;s acquisition of Macromedia, Inc., a software company, where he had been Vice President of Developer Products. Mr. Wadhwani holds a bachelor&#8217;s degree in computer science from Brown University and serves on the Brown computer science department advisory board. Mr. Wadhwani also advises early stage and growth companies and is on the board of directors of Gem Software, Inc. and on the board of trustees of StoryCorps and the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. 

##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START Name Age Positions 

Lara Balazs 

55 Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Marketing 

Ms. Balazs joined Adobe in December 2024 and currently serves as our Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Marketing. From February 2021 to September 2024, Ms. Balazs served as Executive Vice President, General Manager, Strategic Partnership Group and Chief Marketing Officer of Intuit, Inc., a global financial technology platform (&#8220;Intuit&#8221;). From November 2018 to February 2021, Ms. Balazs served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of Intuit. From November 2017 to July 2018, Ms. Balazs served as Vice President, Worldwide Marketing, Prime, and North America, of Amazon.com, Inc., an online retailer and web service provider of consumer goods. From January 2006 to September 2017, Ms. Balazs held various leadership roles at Visa, Inc., a global payments technology company, including Senior Vice President, Head, North America Marketing; Head, Global Innovation Marketing; Head of Global Product Marketing Strategy and Planning; Head of Global and U.S. General Consumer Marketing; and Senior Director, U.S. Marketing. From 2001 to 2004, Ms. Balazs served in various marketing management roles at Nike, Inc., a global athletic footwear and apparel company, and Gap, Inc., a global apparel company. Ms. Balazs currently serves on the board of directors of Frontdoor, Inc., a home services company. Ms. Balazs holds a bachelor&#8217;s degree in Society &#38; Justice from the University of Washington, and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University. 

Scott Belsky 44 Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President, Design &#38; Emerging Products 

Mr. Belsky currently serves our Chief Strategy Officer and EVP, Design &#38; Emerging Products. From December 2017 to March 2023, he served as our Chief Product Officer and Executive Vice President, Creative Cloud. Prior to joining Adobe in December 2017, Mr. Belsky was a venture investor at Benchmark, a venture capital firm, from February 2016 to December 2017. Prior to Benchmark, Mr. Belsky led Adobe's mobile strategy for Creative Cloud from December 2012 to January 2016, having joined the Company through the acquisition of Behance, a social media platform for creative work. Mr. Belsky co-founded Behance in 2006 and served as its Chief Executive Officer for over 6 years. He was an early advisor and investor to Pinterest, Inc., a software company, Uber Technologies, Inc., a multinational ride-sharing company, and Warby Parker Inc., an online retailer, and other early-stage companies. Mr. Belsky currently serves on the board of directors of Atlassian Corporation, an enterprise software company, on the advisory board of Cornell University's Entrepreneurship Program and on the board of trustees of the Museum of Modern Art. Mr. Belsky holds a bachelor&#8217;s degree from Cornell University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. 

Gloria Chen 60 Chief People Officer and Interim Executive Vice President, Legal and Government Relations 

Ms. Chen joined Adobe in 1997 and currently serves as our Chief People Officer and Interim EVP, Legal and Government Relations. From January 2020 to September 2024, Ms. Chen served as our Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. In her more than 25 years at Adobe, she has held senior leadership positions in worldwide sales operations, customer service and support, and strategic planning. In October 2009, Ms. Chen was appointed Vice President and Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer. In March 2018, she was promoted to Senior Vice President, Strategy and Growth, in November 2019, she was elevated to Executive Vice President, Strategy and Growth and in January 2020, she was promoted to Chief People Officer and Executive Vice President, Employee Experience. Prior to joining Adobe, Ms. Chen was an engagement manager at McKinsey &#38; Company, a global management consulting firm. Ms. Chen holds a BS in electrical engineering from the University of Washington, an M.S. in electrical and computer engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. 

Jillian Forusz 

50 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 

Ms. Forusz currently serves as our Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Ms. Forusz served as our Vice President, Corporate Controller from February 2022 to August 2024, Vice President, Accounting &#38; Operations from November 2019 to February 2022 and Senior Director from November 2015 to November 2019. Between November 2007 and November 2015, Ms. Forusz held various finance leadership positions of increasing responsibility at Adobe. Prior to joining Adobe, Ms. Forusz worked in the Audit practice at Deloitte. Ms. Forusz holds a bachelor&#8217;s degree from Penn State University. 

##TABLE_END



 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Below we discuss some of the factors that could cause these differences. The occurrence of these and many other factors described in this report, and factors that we do not presently know or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. Many factors affect more than one category and the factors are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. 

Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business 

We may be unsuccessful at innovating in response to rapid technological or industry changes to meet customer needs, which could cause our operating results to suffer. 

We operate in rapidly evolving industries and expect the pace of innovation to continue to accelerate. We must continually introduce new, and enhance existing, products, services and solutions to retain customers and attract new customers. Developing new products, services and solutions is complex, requires significant investment and operational costs and may not be profitable, and our investments in new technologies are speculative and may not yield the expected business or financial benefits. The commercial success of new or enhanced products, services and solutions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development; effective distribution and marketing; market acceptance; compatibility with existing and emerging standards, platforms, software delivery methods and technologies; accurately predicting and anticipating customer needs and expectations and the direction of technological change; identifying and innovating in the right technologies; and differentiation from other products, services and solutions. If we fail to anticipate or identify technological, creative or marketing trends or fail to devote appropriate resources to adapt to such trends, our business could be harmed. For example, generative artificial intelligence technologies enable users of all skill levels to create and provide new ways of marketing, creating content and interacting with documents, which could significantly disrupt industries in which we operate and our existing products, services and solutions and our business may be harmed if we fail to invest or adapt. While we have released new generative artificial intelligence products, such as Adobe Firefly, and are focused on enhancing the artificial intelligence (&#8220;AI&#8221;) capabilities of our products and incorporating AI across existing products, services and solutions, there can be no assurance that our new or enhanced products and AI innovations will be successful, adopted or monetizable or that we will innovate effectively to keep pace with the rapid evolution of AI across our offerings. If we do not successfully innovate, adapt to rapid technological or industry changes and meet customer needs, our business and our financial results may be harmed. 

Issues relating to the development and use of AI, including generative AI, in our offerings may result in reputational harm, liability and adverse financial results. 

Social, ethical and operational issues relating to the use of AI, including generative AI, in our offerings may result in reputational harm, liability and additional costs. We are increasingly incorporating AI technologies, developed by us and by third parties, into many of our offerings. If our AI development, deployment, content labeling or governance is ineffective or inadequate, it may result in incidents that impair the public acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers or society, or result in our offerings not working as intended or producing unexpected outcomes. 

Jurisdictions around the world are developing and passing new regulations that apply specifically to the use of AI. For example, the EU AI Act was adopted in 2024 and will be implemented in phases through 2030, and other jurisdictions are considering similarly focused legislation. These regulations and the evolving AI regulatory environment may, among other impacts, result in inconsistencies among AI regulations and frameworks across jurisdictions, increase our compliance, governance and research and development costs, increase our exposure to claims related to our AI models and increase liability related to the use of AI by our customers or users that are beyond our control. While we have taken a responsible approach to the development and use of AI, such as in our Adobe Firefly offerings, there can be no guarantee that future AI regulations will not adversely impact us or conflict with our approach to AI, including affecting our ability to make our AI offerings available without costly changes, delaying or halting development of AI offerings, requiring us to change our AI development practices, monetization strategies and/or indemnity protections and subjecting us to additional compliance requirements, regulatory action, competitive harm, reputational harm and/or legal liability. To the extent we rely on third-party AI models in our products, services and solutions, we will face risks inherent in how those models have been developed and deployed, including situations in which the third party may lack a proper license or consent for the training data used for their model. In addition, new competition regulations on AI development and deployment could impose new requirements on our markets that could impact our business and financial results. 

Uncertainty around new and evolving AI uses may require significant, additional investment to develop models and proprietary datasets, responsible-use frameworks and new approaches and processes to attribute or compensate content creators. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges accessing AI models, datasets or hardware. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost of our offerings, including due to the nature of the computing costs 

involved in such systems. These costs could adversely impact our margins as we continue to make significant investments in AI development, add AI capabilities to our offerings and scale our AI offerings without assurance that our customers and users will adopt them. Further, as with any new offerings based on new technologies, consumer reception and monetization pathways are uncertain, our strategies may not be successful and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. New AI offerings and technologies could modify workforce needs, result in negative publicity about AI and decrease demand for our existing products, services and solutions, all of which could adversely impact our business. 

We participate in rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets, and, if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could suffer. 

The markets for our products, services and solutions are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Our numerous competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant sales and research and development resources, broad brand awareness, long operating histories or access to large customer bases to small companies whose specialized focuses may allow them to more easily and effectively deploy technical, marketing and financial resources. Our competitors may develop or acquire products, services or solutions that are similar to ours or that achieve greater or faster acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. As a result, current and potential customers may select the products, services or solutions of our competitors. Further, our future success depends on our continued ability to effectively appeal to businesses and consumers. New industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global market conditions and the frequent entry of new products or competitors may increase downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and adversely affect our renewal, upsell and cross-sell rates as well as our ability to attract new customers. In addition, we expect to face more competition as AI continues to advance and be integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully and efficiently than we do and achieve greater and faster adoption, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business and financial results. Other companies have, or in the future may obtain, proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our AI offerings. Further, we expect AI offerings to be highly competitive and rapidly evolving. For example, we face increasing competition from companies offering generative AI capabilities, including text-to-image, text-to-video and multi-modal offerings that compete directly with our creative offerings. If we are not able to provide products, services and solutions that compete effectively, we could experience reduced sales and our business could be adversely affected. For additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section titled &#8220;Competition&#8221; contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 

If our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. 

We believe our reputation and brands have been, and we expect them to continue to be, important to our business and financial results. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reputational harm from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, services, or terms that do not meet customer expectations; our position on or approach to new and evolving technologies, including AI; backlash from customers, the creative community, government entities or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, ethical or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; data security breaches or compliance failures; and public scrutiny or negative publicity, including being the target of media and social media campaigns, criticizing our actual or perceived actions or inactions, policies, terms, agreements, handling of user privacy, data practices or content. Further, our brands may be negatively affected by uses of our products, services or solutions, particularly our AI offerings, in ways that are out of our control, such as to create or disseminate content that is deemed to be misleading, deceptive or intended to manipulate public opinion, or for illicit, objectionable or illegal ends, or by our failure to respond appropriately and in a timely manner to such uses. Such uses may result in controversy or claims related to defamation, rights of publicity, illegal content, intellectual property infringement, harmful content, misinformation and disinformation, harmful bias, misappropriation, data privacy, derivative uses of third-party AI and personal injury torts. If we fail to appropriately respond to objectionable content created using our products, services or solutions or shared on our platforms, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries in which we operate may also impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our users&#8217; trust in us and purchasing decisions and our business and financial results may be adversely affected. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of investments or acquisitions, and they may disrupt our business and divert management&#8217;s attention. 

Investments and acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of which may have an adverse effect on our business. These risks and uncertainties include: 

&#8226; inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals of the investment or acquisition; 

&#8226; difficulty in effectively integrating the operations, technologies, products, services, solutions, culture or personnel of the acquired business; 

&#8226; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and other personnel; 

&#8226; challenges to completing or failure to complete an announced investment or acquisition related to the failure to obtain regulatory approval, or the need to satisfy certain conditions precedent to closing such transaction (such as divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) that could limit the anticipated benefits of the transaction; 

&#8226; entry into markets in which we have minimal prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; 

&#8226; inability to retain personnel, key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business; 

&#8226; delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our product and service offerings; 

&#8226; incurring higher than anticipated costs to effectively integrate an acquired business, to bring an acquired company into compliance with applicable laws and regulations, additional compensation issued or assumed in connection with an acquisition, to divest products, services or solutions acquired in unsuccessful investments or acquisitions, to amortize costs for acquired intangible assets or because of our inability to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits; 

&#8226; increased collection times, elevated delinquency or bad debt write-offs related to receivables of an acquired business we assume; 

&#8226; difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration and inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective; 

&#8226; potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the product into our offerings; 

&#8226; exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition; 

&#8226; incurrence of additional debt to finance an acquisition, which will increase our interest expense and leverage, and/or issuance of equity securities to finance acquisitions, which will dilute current shareholders&#8217; percentage ownership and earnings per share; and 

&#8226; failure to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges during due diligence. 

Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by adverse economic and political events, including trade tensions, and increased global scrutiny and evolving regulatory expectations relating to acquisitions and strategic investments. We may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or transactions on favorable terms, or at all, including as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, and may incur additional costs. For example, we have experienced difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, resulting in the termination of a previously announced acquisition and the incurrence of additional costs. Any of these factors may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business 

Service interruptions or failures of our or third-party information technology systems may impair the availability of our products, services and solutions, which may expose us to liability, damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. 

Much of our business, including our online store at adobe.com and our cloud solutions, relies on hardware and services that are hosted, managed and controlled directly by us or third-party service providers to be available to our customers and users without disruption. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications (&#8220;Apps&#8221;) reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If any critical third-party service provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected or becomes unavailable to us for any reason, we may not be able to deliver the corresponding products, services or solutions to our customers and users. Failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers could cause large, system-wide failures, disrupt our business operations and those of our customers, subject us to reputational harm, require costly and time-intensive notifications, and cause us to lose customers, users and future business. Occasionally, we migrate data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments. If a transition among data centers or to third-party service providers encounters unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions despite precautions undertaken during the process, this may impair our delivery of products, services and solutions to customers and result in increased costs and liabilities, which may harm our operating results, reputation and our business. 

It is also possible that hardware or software failures or errors in our systems (or those of our third-party service providers) could result in data loss or corruption, cause the information that we collect or maintain to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant, or cause us to fail to meet committed service levels or comply with applicable notification requirements or other relevant contractual obligations to our customers. Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. We may also find, on occasion, that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real-time due to factors such as significant spikes in customer activity on their websites or failures of our network or software (or that of a third-party service provider). If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and expand it proportionally with the needs of our customer and user base, and we experience a rapid and significant demand on the capacity of our data centers or those of third parties, service outages or performance issues could occur, which may impact our customers. Such a strain on our infrastructure capacity may subject us to regulatory and customer notification requirements, violations of service level agreement commitments or financial liabilities and result in customer dissatisfaction or harm our business. If we supply materially inaccurate information or experience significant interruptions in our systems, our reputation could be harmed, we could lose customers and we could be found liable for damages or incur other losses. 

Security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our customers&#8217; data or other cybersecurity incidents may harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our products, services and solutions collect, store, manage and otherwise process third-party data, including our customers&#8217; data and our own data. Such products, services and solutions as well as our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, fraud, worms, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, malicious software programs, insider threats and other cybersecurity incidents that have in the past, and may in the future, result in the unauthorized access, disclosure, acquisition, use, loss or destruction of sensitive personal or business data belonging to us, our employees and our customers. 

Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by human error from our workforce or that of our third-party service providers, by malicious third parties, acting alone or in groups, or by more sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and state-sponsored organizations. Such risks may be elevated in connection with geopolitical tensions, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East. Certain unauthorized parties have in the past managed, and may in the future manage, to overcome our security measures and those of our third-party service providers to access and misuse systems and software by exploiting defects in design or manufacture, including bugs, vulnerabilities and other problems that unexpectedly compromise the security or operation of a product or system. Further, unauthorized parties may also gain physical access to our facilities and infiltrate our information systems or attempt to gain logical access to our products, services or information systems to access content and data and may result in computer viruses, worms, ransomware or other malware. Malicious third parties have in the past, and may in the future, fraudulently induce our employees or users of our products, services or solutions to disclose sensitive, personal or confidential information via illegal electronic spamming, phishing, social engineering or other tactics, and this risk is heightened in our current hybrid model working environment. Malicious actors may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our products, services and solutions, including unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that 

violate our terms of service. While we actively combat such fraudulent activities, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, impacts to our revenue from such activities. 

Maintaining the security of our products, services and solutions is a critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through various methods, including, but not limited to, engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, regularly reviewing our service providers&#8217; security controls, and continually assessing and improving, as appropriate, our incident response process. However, it is impossible to accurately predict the extent, frequency or impact cybersecurity issues may have on us, and our security measures do not provide full effective protection from all such events. The costs to prevent, eliminate, mitigate or remediate cybersecurity or other security problems and vulnerabilities are significant and may reduce our margins. Breaches of our security measures and the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive, personal or confidential data about us, our employees, our customers or their end users, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data have in the past, and could in the future, expose us, our employees, our customers or other individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. Further, our efforts to address these problems, including notifying affected third parties when appropriate, have in the past been, and may in the future be, unsuccessful or delayed, which could result in business interruptions, cessation of service, loss of existing or potential customers and reputational harm. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities or incidents have resulted in, and may result in additional, claims or litigation and liability or fines, costly and time-intensive notice requirements, governmental inquiry or oversight or a loss of customer confidence, any of which could harm our business and damage our brand and reputation. Our customers may also adopt security measures to protect their computer systems and their instances of our software from attack and may suffer a cybersecurity breach on their own systems, unrelated to our systems. Even if such breach is unrelated to our security systems, solutions or programs, such breach could cause us reputational harm and require us to incur significant economic and operational consequences to adequately assess and respond to their breach, and to implement additional safeguards designed to protect against future breaches. 

While we maintain insurance to cover operational risks, such as cybersecurity risk and technology outages, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liability described herein. These risks will likely increase as we expand our hosted offerings, integrate our products, services and solutions and store and process more data. Moreover, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from disruptions caused by cyberattacks, overly burdensome preventative security measures or failure to fully meet information security control certification requirements could materially and adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation . 

If we are unable to develop, manage and maintain critical third-party relationships, such as our sales, partner and distribution channels, suppliers and service providers, our revenue and business may be adversely affected. 

We rely on a number of third-party distributors and sales partners to distribute our products, services and solutions. The successful management of such third-party relationships is a complex, global process. If an agreement with one of our distributors or partners was terminated, any prolonged delay in securing a replacement distributor or partner could have a negative impact on our results of operations. We also face legal risk and potential reputational harm from the activities of these independent third parties including, but not limited to, export control violations, workplace conditions, corruption and anti-competitive behavior. 

If our partner and distribution channels are not effective or if we stop or change our partner or distribution channels, we may lose sales opportunities, customers and revenue. We rely on third-party distribution platforms and are subject to changes in pricing structure, terms of service, privacy practices and other policies at the discretion of the platform provider. Any adverse changes to the terms with such third-party distribution platforms which we rely on to distribute our products, services and solutions may adversely affect our financial results. Additionally, our distribution channels may not continue to market or sell our products, services and solutions effectively and may favor products, services and solutions of other companies. 

We sell many products, services and solutions through our direct sales force. Risks associated with this sales channel include challenges related to hiring, retaining and motivating our direct sales force, and substantial amounts of ongoing training for sales representatives. Our business could be harmed if our direct sales expansion efforts do not generate the corresponding efficiencies and revenue we anticipated from such investment. In addition, the loss of key sales employees could impact our customer relationships and future ability to sell to certain accounts covered by such employees. 

We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical business systems, such as cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, generative AI, encryption and authentication technology, company email and communications with customers. If such third parties are negatively affected, if we fail to effectively develop, manage and maintain our relationships with such third parties, or if we are unable to renew our agreements with them on favorable terms or at all, our expenses could significantly increase, and we and our customers may 

experience service interruptions. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. Further, interruptions in our services caused by us or our third-party service providers may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions or contracts, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which may adversely affect our financial results. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. 

We face various risks associated with our operating as a multinational corporation, and global adverse economic conditions may harm our business and financial condition. 

We derive a large portion of our total revenue from, and have significant operations, outside of the United States. As a multinational corporation, we are subject to a number of risks, including from global adverse economic conditions, that are uncertain and beyond our control and that make forecasting operating results and decisions about future investments difficult, such as: 

&#8226; inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation, including increasing interest rates; 

&#8226; international and regional economic, political and labor conditions, including any instability or security concerns abroad, such as uncertainty caused by economic sanctions, downturns and recessions, trade disputes, armed conflicts and wars; 

&#8226; tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); 

&#8226; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

&#8226; changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements, including antitrust and competition regulations; 

&#8226; changes in laws governing the free flow of data across international borders; 

&#8226; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; 

&#8226; costs, potential liability, delays or loss of sales resulting from trade restrictions imposed by the United States and other countries, as well as trade laws, including but not limited to economic sanctions and export controls; 

&#8226; costs and delays associated with developing products in multiple languages; and 

&#8226; operating in locations with a higher rate of corruption and fraudulent business practices. 

Additionally, third parties we do business with and our customers have international operations and are also subject to the above risks. Adverse changes in global economic conditions have in the past resulted and may in the future result in our customers&#8217; and business partners&#8217; insolvency, inability to obtain credit to finance or purchase our products, services and solutions, or a delay in paying or an inability to pay their obligations to us. Other third parties, such as our service providers, suppliers and distributors, may be unable to deliver or be delayed in delivering critical services, products or technologies that we rely on, and our business and reputation may be harmed. Our customers&#8217; spending rate and demand for our products, services and solutions may also be adversely affected by the above risks. If our global sales are reduced, delayed or canceled because of any of the above risks, our revenue may decline. 

Further, a disruption in global financial markets could impair our banking partners, on which we rely for operating cash management, capital market transactions and derivative programs. Such disruption could also negatively impact our customers&#8217; ability to pay us due to delays or inability to access their existing cash. 

As of November 29, 2024, our investment portfolio consisted of money market funds, corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits, U.S. agency securities and asset-backed securities. These investments are subject to credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks as well as economic downturns or events that affect global or regional financial markets that may cause the value of our investments to decline, requiring impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Some of our enterprise offerings have extended and complex sales cycles, which may increase our costs and make our sales cycles unpredictable. 

As we continue to target enterprise customers for certain of our offerings, including Adobe Experience Cloud in our Digital Experience business and our Enterprise Term License Agreements in our Digital Media business, we may face increased costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing our sales. For our enterprise customers, the 

evaluation process may be longer and more involved, and require us to invest more in educating our customers about our products, services and solutions, particularly because the decision to use our products, services and solutions is often an enterprise-wide decision. We are increasingly offering end-to-end solutions that include cross-cloud and generative AI capabilities, which have in the past, and may in the future, increase the complexity of technical or contractual assurances or requirements that we or our customers require as part of the contracting process, leading to extended sales cycles. We may be required to submit more robust proposals, participate in extended proof-of-concept evaluation cycles and engage in more extensive contract negotiations. In addition, our enterprise customers often demand more complex configurations and additional integration services and product features. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, additional spend scrutiny and delays in our enterprise customers&#8217; purchasing decisions. Due to these factors, we often must devote greater sales support to certain enterprise customers, which increases our costs and time required to complete a sale, without assurance that potential customers will ultimately purchase our solutions. We also may be required to devote more services resources to implementation, which increases our costs, without assurance that customers receiving these services will renew or renew at the same level. Since the sales cycles for our enterprise offerings are multi-phased and complex, it is often unpredictable when a given sales cycle will close. Our revenue from enterprise customers may be affected by longer-than-expected sales, contract negotiation and implementation cycles, extended collection cycles, potential deferral of revenue and alternative licensing arrangements. Additionally, our enterprise sales pattern has historically been, and is expected to remain, uneven, where a higher percentage of a quarter&#8217;s total sales occur during the final weeks of each quarter, which is common in our industry. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed, and our hybrid work model may present challenges, which could adversely impact our business. 

Much of our future success depends on the continued service, availability and performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel across all levels of our organization. Our senior management has acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business, and the loss of any of these individuals could harm our business, especially if we are not successful in developing adequate succession plans. Our efforts to attract, develop, integrate and retain highly skilled employees may be compounded by intensified restrictions on immigration or the availability of work visas. The technology industry has been and may continue to be subject to substantial and continuous competition for talent, particularly with AI and cybersecurity backgrounds, and demand for cutting-edge or unique skill sets may continue to be highly competitive, both of which are heightened with hybrid or remote working arrangements. Our hybrid work environment may also present operational, security and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively affect our ability to execute against our business objectives and retain and recruit personnel. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, higher compensation costs to retain and recruit senior management or highly skilled personnel that may not be offset by innovation, improved productivity or increased sales. We continue to hire personnel in countries where exceptional technical knowledge and other expertise are offered at lower costs, which increases the efficiency of our global workforce structure and reduces our personnel-related expenditures. Nonetheless, as globalization continues, competition for talent in those countries has increased, which may impact our ability to retain these employees and increase our compensation-related expenses. 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 

We are, and may in the future become, subject to litigation, regulatory inquiries and other claims, which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

We are, and may in the future become, subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims, negotiations and regulatory inquiries and additional claims, enforcement actions and inquiries may arise in the future, such as those relating to antitrust, data privacy and security, consumer protection, product liability and the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, among others. Such activity has increased over time with evolving regulatory landscapes and as our products, services and solutions have become more available to, and used by, more enterprises and consumers. For example, there is an increase in enforcement activity in connection with federal and state consumer protection laws, including some suits which seek civil penalties. Any proceedings, actions, claims or inquiries initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, may be highly time consuming; result in costly litigation, damage awards, consent decrees, injunctive relief or increased costs of business; require us to change our business practices or products; result in negative publicity; require significant amounts of management time; result in the diversion of significant operational resources; or otherwise harm our business and financial results. 

Disputes and litigation can be complex and are typically costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention of management and key personnel. For example, third-party intellectual property disputes, including those initiated by patent assertion entities, could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from offering certain products, services or solutions, subject us to injunctions restricting our sales, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy 

indemnification commitments with our customers, including contractual provisions under various license arrangements and service agreements. In addition, we have incurred, and may in the future incur, significant costs in acquiring the necessary third-party intellectual property rights for use in our products, in some cases to fulfill contractual obligations with our customers. Any of these occurrences could significantly harm our business. 

We have not prevailed, and may not in the future prevail, in every lawsuit or dispute. F or further information about specific litigation and proceedings, see the section titled &#8220;Legal Proceedings&#8221; contained in Part II, Item 8, Note 16 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this report. 

We are subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. 

We are a global company subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and customs, both domestically and internationally. These local, state, federal and international laws and regulations relate to a number of aspects of our business, including trade laws such as import and export controls, anti-boycott, economic sanctions and embargoes, data and transaction processing security, payment card industry data security standards, consumer protection, records management, user-generated content hosted on websites we operate, privacy practices, data residency, AI regulations, corporate governance, antitrust and competition, employee and third-party complaints, anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, securities regulations and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment. The application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and evolving, and may at times conflict. Further, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, which may conflict with local customs and practices in other foreign countries, particularly those with developing economies where it is common to engage in practices that would be prohibited under such laws. We cannot provide assurance that our employees, contractors, agents, business partners and vendors will not take actions in violation of our internal policies, U.S. laws or other applicable international laws. Compliance with the above laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require additional changes to our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. 

In addition, approximately 50% of our employees are located outside the United States. Accordingly, we are exposed to changes in laws governing our employee relationships in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, including laws and regulations regarding wage and hour requirements, fair labor standards, employee data privacy, unemployment tax rates, workers&#8217; compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely would have a direct impact on our operating costs. 

Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and security issues and expanding laws and regulatory requirements could impact our business models and expose us to increased liability. 

We are subject to global data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations and codes of conduct that relate to our various business units and data processing activities, which may include sensitive, confidential, and personal information. These laws, regulations and codes are inconsistent across jurisdictions and are subject to evolving and differing (sometimes conflicting) interpretations. Government officials and regulators, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data, including the transferring of personal information across international borders. This scrutiny can result in new and shifting interpretations of existing laws, thereby further impacting our business. For example, European data transfers outside the European Economic Area are highly regulated and litigated. The mechanisms that we and many other companies rely upon for European data transfers (for example, Standard Contractual Clauses and the EU - US Data Privacy Framework) are the subject of legal challenge, regulatory interpretation and judicial decisions by the Court of Justice of the European Union. Several other countries, including but not limited to the United States, China, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong and Japan, have also established specific legal requirements for cross-border transfers of personal information and certain countries have also established specific legal requirements for data localization (such as where personal data must remain stored in the country). If other countries implement more restrictive regulations for cross-border data transfers or do not permit data to leave the country of origin, such developments could adversely impact our business and our enterprise customers&#8217; business, our financial condition and our results of operations in those jurisdictions. Additionally, the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom continues to be interpreted by European and UK courts in novel ways leading to shifting requirements, country-specific differences in application and uncertain enforcement priorities. Laws in Asia, such as the Personal Information Protection Law in China and developing laws in India, as well as state laws in the United States on privacy, data and related technologies, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, as well as industry self-regulatory codes and regulatory requirements, create additional privacy and security compliance obligations and expand the scope of potential liability, either jointly or severally with our customers and suppliers. Further, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Rules on Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure requires us to make certain disclosures related 

to material cybersecurity incidents and the reasonably likely impact of such an incident on Form 8-K. Determining whether a cybersecurity incident is notifiable or reportable may not be straightforward and any such mandatory disclosures could be costly and lead to negative publicity, loss of customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, diversion of management&#8217;s attention and governmental investigations. 

While we have invested in readiness to comply with applicable requirements, the dynamic and evolving nature of these laws, regulations and codes, as well as their interpretation by regulators and courts, may affect our ability (and our enterprise customers&#8217; ability) to reach current and prospective customers, to respond to both enterprise and individual customer requests under the laws (such as individual rights of access, correction and deletion of their personal information), to implement our business models effectively and to adequately address disclosure requirements. These laws, regulations and codes may also impact our innovation and business drivers in developing new and emerging technologies (for example, AI and machine learning) and may impact demand for our offerings and force us to bear the burden of more onerous obligations in our contracts. Perception of our practices, products, services or solutions, even if unfounded, as a violation of individual privacy, data protection rights or cybersecurity requirements, subjects us to public criticism, lawsuits, investigations, claims and other proceedings by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt or adversely impact our business and reputation and expose us to increased liability, fines and other punitive measures including prohibition on sales of our products, services or solutions, restrictive judicial orders and disgorgement of data. Additionally, we collect and store information on behalf of our business customers and if our customers fail to comply with contractual obligations or applicable laws, it could result in litigation or reputational harm to us. 

Our intellectual property portfolio is a valuable asset and we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our source code, from infringement or unauthorized copying, use or disclosure. 

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property are valuable assets to us. Infringement or misappropriation of such intellectual property could result in lost revenues and ultimately reduce their value. We protect our intellectual property by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the United States and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures and contractual restrictions. Despite our efforts, protecting our intellectual property rights and preventing unauthorized use of our intellectual property are inherently difficult. For instance, we actively combat software piracy, but we continue to lose revenue due to illegal use of our software. Third parties may illegally copy and sell counterfeit versions of our products. To the extent counterfeit installations and sales replace otherwise legitimate ones, our operating results could be adversely affected. We apply for patents in the United States and in foreign countries, but we are not always successful in obtaining patent protection or in obtaining such protection timely to meet our business needs. Our patents may be invalidated or circumvented. Moreover, due to challenges in detecting patent infringement pertaining to generative AI technologies, it may be more difficult to protect our generative AI and related innovations with patents. Additionally, if we use generative AI in the creation of our source code, we may not be able to rely on copyright to protect such intellectual property. Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not provide the same level of intellectual property protection as U.S. laws and courts and could fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. If unauthorized disclosure of our source code occurs through security breach, cyber-attack or otherwise, we could lose future trade secret protection for that source code. Such loss could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could cause us to lose customers and could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. If we cannot protect our intellectual property against unauthorized copying, use, or other misappropriation, our business could be harmed. 

Changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretations thereof may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our current provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets or liabilities. Tax laws in the United States as well as other countries and jurisdictions in which we conduct business are subject to change as new laws are passed and/or new interpretations are made available, which may have a material impact on our business. These countries, governmental bodies, such as the European Commission of the European Union, and intergovernmental economic organizations, such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, have made or could make unprecedented assertions about how taxation is determined and, in some cases, have proposed or enacted new laws that are contrary to the way in which rules and regulations have historically been interpreted and applied. 

Changes in our operating landscape, such as changes in laws or interpretations of tax rules, could adversely affect our effective tax rates and/or cause us to respond by making changes to our business structure, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Our future effective tax rates are likely to be unfavorably affected by changes in the tax rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in or interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or unexpected negative changes in business and market conditions that could reduce certain tax benefits. An increase in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability. 

Moreover, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from these examinations. While we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

Contracting with government entities exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government procurement process. 

We provide products, services and solutions, directly and indirectly, to a variety of domestic and foreign government entities, which introduces certain risks and challenges not present in private commercial agreements, including varying governmental budgeting processes, fluctuations due to government spending cuts and shutdowns, highly competitive and lengthy bidding process that may be subject to political influence and adherence to complex procurement regulations and other government-specific contractual requirements. We incur significant up-front time and costs without any assurance that we will win a contract. Operating within a highly regulated industry, we have been and may in the future be subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts and any violations could result in termination of contracts and various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business, as well as harm to our reputation and financial results. We have made, and may continue to make, significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors, including to obtain various security authorizations and certifications. Such processes are complex, lengthy and can often be delayed. Furthermore, requirements may change, or we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more government authorizations or certifications, which could affect our ability to sell to government entities until we meet any new or revised requirements. 

Risks Related to Financial Performance 

If there is a change in subscriptions or renewals in a reporting period, this could cause our financial results to suffer and may not be immediately reflected in our revenue and financial results for that period because we recognize revenue over the subscription term. 

Our offerings are typically subscription-based, pursuant to product and service agreements. We generally recognize revenue from our subscription offerings ratably over the terms of their subscription agreements, which typically range from 1 to 36 months. As a result, most of the subscription revenue we report each quarter is the result of subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Lower sales and subscriptions, reduced demand for our products, services and solutions, and increases in our attrition rate in any given period may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model could also make it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue from subscription-based or hosted services through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers will be recognized over the applicable subscription term. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers&#8217; level of satisfaction, our ability to continue enhancing features and functionality, reliability of our offerings, prices of ours and competitors&#8217; offerings, the actual or perceived information security of our systems and services, decreases in the size of our customer base, changes as a result of regulatory or legal requirements, changes in the composition of our customer base and reductions in our customers&#8217; spending levels or declines in customer activity. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or if they renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenue may decline. Further, such impact on our revenue may not be immediately reflected in our financial results in the period in which our renewal rates changed and may adversely affect our financial results in future periods. If any of our assumptions about revenue from our subscription-based offerings prove incorrect, our actual results may suffer and vary from those anticipated. 

We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure. 

Our operating results and performance metrics are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates due to the global scope of our business. Geopolitical and economic events, including war, trade disputes, economic sanctions and emerging market volatility, and associated uncertainty have caused, and may in the future cause, currencies to fluctuate. Accordingly, amounts reported as annualized recurring revenue, a performance metric which we measure at currency rates that are set at the beginning of each fiscal year and held constant throughout the year, may vary from actual revenue recognized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

We attempt to mitigate a portion of these foreign currency exchange risks to our operating results through foreign currency hedging based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity and expense. We regularly review our hedging program and make adjustments that we believe are appropriate. Our hedging activities have not, and may not in the future, offset more than a portion of the adverse financial impact, including on our actual revenue recognized, resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition, business performance or results of operations. 

If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, then we could be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. We review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, including declines in stock price, market capitalization or reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. Depending on the results of our review, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets was determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 

Our existing and future debt obligations may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 

As of November 29, 2024, we had $5.65 billion in senior unsecured notes outstanding and a $3 billion commercial paper program with no amounts outstanding. We also had a $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement, which was undrawn. This debt or future additional indebtedness may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things: 

&#8226; requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash flows from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flows available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions; 

&#8226; increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in our business and general economic and industry conditions; and 

&#8226; limiting our ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, future acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes, which may also impact our ability to service and repay outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due. 

Our senior unsecured notes, commercial paper program and revolving credit agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the noteholders or lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding debt may be declared immediately due and payable. 

In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Under certain circumstances, if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit agreement could increase. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and affect the terms of any such financing. 

General Risk Factors 

Catastrophic events, including events associated with climate change, may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business relies on our network infrastructure and enterprise Apps, internal technology systems and websites. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our systems, data centers or operations, or those of our third-party service providers due to a major earthquake, other natural disasters, including climate-related events (such as drought, water security, heat waves, cold waves, wildfires and poor air quality), power shutoff or loss, telecommunications failure, epidemic, pandemic, war, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event, could cause interruptions to our systems and business operations, damage to critical infrastructure, loss of intellectual property, data security breaches and data loss. Our corporate headquarters, significant research and development activity, certain of our data centers and other critical business operations are in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Salt Lake Valley Area, both of which are near major earthquake faults. Climate-related catastrophic events that may harm our business are also increasing in frequency and severity. A catastrophic event, particularly one that may disrupt our data centers or our critical activities, could prevent us from conducting normal business operations and providing our products, services and solutions, which could adversely affect our business. A catastrophic event could negatively impact a country or region in which we sell and, in turn, decrease demand for our products, services and solutions, which could negatively impact our business. 

Laws, regulations and policies relating to environmental, social, and governance are expanding globally. We may be subject to additional climate-related regulations and reporting requirements in the future, as well as changing market dynamics and stakeholder expectations regarding climate change and our environmental impacts. Compliance with such regulations, investments in our environmental, social and governance commitments, may involve significant costs and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we may experience reputational harm from our actual or perceived failure to meet our environmental, social and governance commitments. 

The occurrence of an epidemic or a pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, has had, and may in the future, have an adverse effect on our operating results. The extent to which epidemics and pandemics impact our financial condition or results of operations will depend on many factors outside of our control and whether there is a material impact on the businesses or productivity of our customers, employees, suppliers and other partners. A global pandemic may also intensify the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A of this report. 

Our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value. 

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations. All factors described in this Part I, Item 1A of this report, some of which are beyond our control, may affect our stock price, including: 

&#8226; shortfalls in our results or shortfalls, changes to estimates, recommendations or expectations in guidance we provide or provided by financial analysts about our revenue, margins, earnings, annualized recurring revenue, growth rates or other key performance metrics; 

&#8226; changes in investor and analyst valuation models for our stock; 

&#8226; changes in unearned revenue, remaining performance obligations and revenue recognized at a point in time, all of which may impact implied growth rates; 

&#8226; developments related to products or services, technological advancements, strategic alliances, acquisitions or significant transactions by us or our competitors; 

&#8226; changes in the amounts or frequency of stock repurchases; 

&#8226; the loss of large customers or our inability to retain or increase sales to existing customers or attract new customers; 

&#8226; changes to our management team, including recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

&#8226; variations in our or our competitors&#8217; results of operations, changes in the competitive landscape generally and developments in our industry; 

&#8226; general economic, political or market conditions; and 

&#8226; other events, such as significant litigation and regulatory actions and media and social media scrutiny. 

In addition, the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme fluctuations, which has caused, and may in the future cause, our stock price to decline for reasons unrelated to our financial performance. Volatility in our stock price has increased, and may continue to increase, our susceptibility to securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial costs and divert management&#8217;s attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business. 



 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS &#160; 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. Discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 is included in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 1, 2023, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2024. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates on a regular basis. We also discuss our critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. These areas are key components of our results of operations and are based on complex rules requiring us to make judgments and estimates, and consequently, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Historically, our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to our critical accounting policies have not differed materially from actual results. 

Revenue Recognition 

Our contracts with customers may include multiple goods and services. For example, some of our offerings include both on-premise and/or on-device software licenses and cloud services. Determining whether the software licenses and the cloud services are distinct from each other, and therefore performance obligations to be accounted for separately, or not distinct from each other, and therefore part of a single performance obligation, may require significant judgment. We have concluded that the on-premise/on-device software licenses and cloud services provided in our Creative Cloud and Document Cloud subscription offerings are not distinct from each other such that revenue from each offering should be recognized ratably over the subscription period for which the cloud services are provided. In reaching this conclusion, we considered the nature of our promise to Creative Cloud and Document Cloud customers, which is to provide a complete end-to-end creative design or document workflow solution that operates seamlessly across multiple devices and teams. We fulfill this promise by providing access to a solution that integrates cloud-based and on-premise/on-device features that, together through their integration, provide functionalities, utility and workflow efficiencies that could not be obtained from either the on-premise/on-device software or cloud services on their own. 

Cloud-based features that are integral to our Creative Cloud and Document Cloud offerings and that work together with the on-premise/on-device software include, but are not limited to: Creative Cloud Libraries, which enable customers to access their work, settings, preferences and other assets seamlessly across desktop and mobile devices and collaborate across teams in real time; shared reviews which enable simultaneous editing and commenting of digital assets across desktop, mobile and web; automatic cloud rendering of a design which enables it to be worked on in multiple mediums; and Sensei, Adobe&#8217;s cloud-hosted artificial intelligence and machine learning framework, which enables features such as automated photo-editing, photograph content-awareness, natural language processing, optical character recognition and automated document tagging. 

Accounting for Income Taxes 

We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for tax loss and credit carryforwards. Significant judgment is required in determining our current provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets or liabilities. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount for which realization is more likely than not. 

Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes take into account our interpretation and application of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future examinations conducted by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and associated reserves. To the extent that the final 

determination of any of these examinations is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements that are of significance or potential significance to us. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview of 2024 

For our fiscal 2024, we experienced strong demand across our Digital Media and Digital Experience offerings, driven by our innovative product roadmap. As we execute on our long-term growth initiatives, with focus on delivering product innovation and driving adoption and usage of our AI-powered solutions, we have continued to experience growth in software-based subscription revenue across our portfolio of offerings. 

Digital Media 

In our Digital Media segment, we are a market leader with Creative Cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile applications (&#8220;apps&#8221;) and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich content and immersive 3D experiences. Creative Cloud offers Adobe Acrobat Pro, our comprehensive PDF solution, integral to creative workflows and used by creators worldwide as part of our Creative Cloud All Apps subscription and on a standalone basis. In addition, Adobe Express is our web and mobile app designed to enable a broad spectrum of users, including novice content creators, communicators and creative professionals, to create, edit and customize content quickly and easily with content-first, task-based solutions. Creative Cloud also includes Adobe Firefly, a group of creative generative AI models designed to generate high quality images and text effects. Adobe Firefly-powered generative AI features are also available across Creative Cloud apps including Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Express. Creative Cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users&#8217; devices, machine learning and artificial intelligence, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities, tools which assist with enterprise deployments and team collaboration, and affordable pricing for cost-sensitive customers. 

We offer Creative Cloud for individuals, students, teams and enterprises. We expect Creative Cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by attracting new users with new features and products like Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly that make creative tools accessible to first-time creators and communicators, and delivering new features and technologies to existing customers with our latest releases such as generative AI capabilities. We have also built out a marketplace for Creative Cloud subscribers to enable the delivery and purchase of stock content in our Adobe Stock service. Overall, our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with existing users, continue to attract new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. 

We continue to implement strategies that are designed to accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our Creative Cloud offerings. These strategies include increasing the value Creative Cloud users receive, such as offering new and enhanced desktop, web and mobile apps, as well as targeted promotions and offers that attract past customers and potential users to experience and ultimately subscribe to Creative Cloud. Because of the shift towards Creative Cloud subscriptions and Enterprise Term License Agreements (&#8220;ETLAs&#8221;), revenue from perpetual licensing of our Creative products has been immaterial to our business. 

We are also a market leader with our Document Cloud offerings built around our Adobe Acrobat family of products, with a set of integrated mobile apps and cloud-based document services which enable users to create, collaborate, review, approve, sign and track documents regardless of platform or application source type. Document Cloud, which enhances the way people manage critical documents at home, in the office and across devices, includes subscriptions to Adobe Acrobat Pro and Standard, Adobe Acrobat Sign and Adobe Scan. Certain Adobe Acrobat products are also offered as perpetual licenses which are immaterial to our business. In April 2024, we introduced Acrobat AI Assistant, a generative AI-powered product designed to deliver insights and enhance productivity through interactive document experiences, which is available as an add-on subscription to our Adobe Acrobat Pro and Standard and Adobe Acrobat Reader products. 

As part of our Creative Cloud and Document Cloud strategies, we utilize a data-driven operating model (&#8220;DDOM&#8221;) and our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to raise awareness of our products, drive new customer acquisition, engagement and retention, and optimize customer journeys, which continue to contribute strong product-led growth in the business. 

Annualized Recurring Revenue (&#8220;ARR&#8221;) is currently the key performance metric our management uses to assess the health and trajectory of our overall Digital Media segment. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue, deferred revenue and remaining performance obligations as ARR is a performance metric and is not intended to be combined with any of these items. We adjust our reported ARR on an annual basis to reflect any exchange rate changes. Our reported ARR results in the current fiscal year are based on currency rates set at the beginning of the year and held constant throughout the year for measurement purposes. We calculate ARR as follows: 

##TABLE_START Creative ARR Annual Value of Creative Cloud Subscriptions and Services + Annual Creative ETLA Contract Value Document Cloud ARR Annual Value of Document Cloud Subscriptions and Services + Annual Document Cloud ETLA Contract Value Digital Media ARR Creative ARR + Document Cloud ARR ##TABLE_END

Creative ARR exiting fiscal 2024 was $13.85 billion, up from $12.49 billion at the end of fiscal 2023. Document Cloud ARR exiting fiscal 2024 was $3.48 billion, up from $2.84 billion at the end of fiscal 2023. Total Digital Media ARR grew to $17.33 billion at the end of fiscal 2024, up from $15.33 billion at the end of fiscal 2023. Revaluing our ending ARR for fiscal 2024 using currency rates determined at the beginning of fiscal 2025, our Digital Media ARR at the end of fiscal 2024 would be $17.22 billion or approximately $117 million lower than the ARR reported above. 

Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. Creative revenue in fiscal 2024 was $12.68 billion, up from $11.52 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 10% year-over-year growth. Document Cloud revenue in fiscal 2024 was $3.18 billion, up from $2.70 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 18% year-over-year growth. Total Digital Media segment revenue grew to $15.86 billion in fiscal 2024, up from $14.22 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 12% year-over-year growth. 

Digital Experience 

We are a market leader in the fast-growing category addressed by our Digital Experience segment. The Adobe Experience Cloud apps and services are designed to manage customer journeys, enable personalized experiences at scale and deliver intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Our differentiation and competitive advantage are strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to integrate our comprehensive set of solutions and our ability to embed AI into our product portfolio, such as with our new Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant, a generative AI-powered conversational interface designed to help customers automate workflows and generate new audiences and journeys. 

Adobe Experience Cloud delivers solutions for our customers across the following strategic growth pillars: 

&#8226; Data insights and audiences . Our products deliver actionable data to our customers in real time to enable highly tailored and adaptive experiences across platforms through Adobe Analytics, Adobe Customer Journey Analytics, Adobe Product Analytics, Adobe Mix Modeler, and Adobe Real-time Customer Data Platform. 

&#8226; Content, commerce and workflows . Our products help our customers manage, deliver, personalize, and optimize content delivery through Adobe Experience Manager; build multi-channel commerce experiences for B2B and B2C customers with Adobe Commerce; strategically plan, manage, collaborate and execute on workflows for marketing campaigns and other projects at speed and scale with our enterprise work management App, Adobe Workfront; and leverage self-serve capabilities to deliver on-brand content powered by generative AI in Adobe GenStudio for Performance Marketing. 

&#8226; Customer journeys . Our products help businesses manage, test, target and personalize customer journeys delivered as campaigns across B2B and B2C use cases, including through Adobe Marketo Engage, Adobe Campaign, Adobe Target and Adobe Journey Optimizer. 

In addition to chief marketing officers, chief revenue officers and digital marketers, users of our Digital Experience solutions include advertisers, campaign managers, publishers, data analysts, content managers, social marketers, marketing executives and information management and technology executives. These customers often are involved in workflows that integrate other Adobe products, such as our Digital Media offerings. By combining the creativity of our Digital Media business 

with the science of our Digital Experience business, such as with our Adobe GenStudio solution, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. 

We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our Digital Experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments and our experience-led growth strategy. 

Digital Experience revenue was $5.37 billion in fiscal 2024, up from $4.89 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 10% year-over-year growth. Subscription revenue grew to $4.86 billion in fiscal 2024, up from $4.33 billion in fiscal 2023, representing 12% year-over-year growth. 

Macroeconomic Conditions 

As a corporation with an extensive global footprint, we are subject to risks and exposures from the evolving macroeconomic environment, including the effects of increased global inflationary pressures and interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, potential economic slowdowns or recessions and geopolitical pressures, including the unknown impacts of current and future trade regulations. We continuously monitor the direct and indirect impacts of these circumstances on our business and financial results. 

While our revenue and earnings are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model, the broader implications of these macroeconomic events on our business, results of operations and overall financial position, particularly in the long term, remain uncertain. See the section titled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in Part I, Item 1A of this report for further discussion of the possible impact of these macroeconomic issues on our business. 

Financial Performance Summary for Fiscal 2024 

&#8226; Total Digital Media ARR of approximately $17.33 billion as of November 29, 2024 increased by $2.00 billion, or 13%, from $15.33 billion as of December 1, 2023. 

&#8226; Creative revenue of $12.68 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $1.17 billion, or 10%, from $11.52 billion in fiscal 2023. Document Cloud revenue of $3.18 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $483 million, or 18%, from $2.70 billion in fiscal 2023. 

&#8226; Digital Experience revenue of $5.37 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $473 million, or 10%, from $4.89 billion in fiscal 2023. 

&#8226; Cost of revenue of $2.36 billion during fiscal 2024 remained relatively flat compared to fiscal 2023. 

&#8226; Operating expenses of $12.41 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $2.00 billion, or 19%, from $10.41 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the $1 billion Figma termination fee incurred in fiscal 2024. 

&#8226; Net income of $5.56 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $132 million, or 2%, from $5.43 billion in fiscal 2023. 

&#8226; Cash flows from operations of $8.06 billion during fiscal 2024 increased by $754 million, or 10%, from $7.30 billion in fiscal 2023. 

&#8226; Remaining performance obligations of $19.96 billion as of November 29, 2024 increased by $2.75 billion, or 16%, from $17.22 billion as of December 1, 2023. 

Revenue 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Subscription $ 20,521 $ 18,284 $ 16,388 12 % Percentage of total revenue 95 % 94 % 93 % &#160; Product 386 460 532 (16) % Percentage of total revenue 2 % 2 % 3 % &#160; Services and other 598 665 686 (10) % Percentage of total revenue 3 % 4 % 4 % &#160; Total revenue $ 21,505 $ 19,409 $ 17,606 11 % ##TABLE_END

Subscription 

Our subscription revenue is comprised primarily of fees we charge for our subscription and hosted service offerings, and related support, including Creative Cloud and certain of our Adobe Experience Cloud and Document Cloud services. We primarily recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of agreements with our customers, beginning with commencement of service. Subscription revenue related to certain offerings, where fees are based on a number of transactions and invoicing is aligned to the pattern of performance, customer benefit and consumption, are recognized on a usage basis. 

We have the following reportable segments: Digital Media, Digital Experience, and Publishing and Advertising. Subscription revenue by reportable segment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Digital Media $ 15,547 $ 13,838 $ 12,385 12 % Digital Experience 4,864 4,331 3,880 12 % Publishing and Advertising 110 115 123 (4) % Total subscription revenue $ 20,521 $ 18,284 $ 16,388 12 % ##TABLE_END

Product 

Our product revenue is comprised primarily of fees related to licenses for on-premise software purchased on a perpetual basis, for a fixed period of time, or based on usage for certain of our original equipment manufacturer and royalty agreements. We primarily recognize product revenue at the point in time the software is available to the customer, provided all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 

Services and Other 

Our services and other revenue is comprised primarily of fees related to consulting, training, maintenance and support for certain on-premise licenses that are recognized at a point in time and our advertising offerings. We typically sell our consulting contracts on a time-and-materials or fixed-fee basis. These revenues are recognized as the services are performed for time-and-materials contracts and on a relative performance basis for fixed-fee contracts. Training revenues are recognized as the services are performed. Our maintenance and support offerings, which entitle customers, partners and developers to receive desktop product upgrades and enhancements or technical support, depending on the offering, are generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement. Transaction-based advertising revenue is recognized on a usage basis as we satisfy the performance obligations to our customers. 

Segments 

In fiscal 2024, we categorized our products into the following reportable segments: 

&#8226; Digital Media &#8212;Our Digital Media segment provides products and services that enable individuals, teams, businesses, and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content. Our customers include creative professionals, including photographers, video editors, graphic and experience designers and game developers; communicators, including content creators, students, marketers and knowledge workers; and consumers. 

&#8226; Digital Experience &#8212;Our Digital Experience segment provides an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize and optimize customer 

experiences that span from analytics to commerce. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite. 

&#8226; Publishing and Advertising &#8212;Our Publishing and Advertising segment contains legacy products and services that address diverse market opportunities, including eLearning solutions, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web app development, high-end printing and our Adobe Advertising offerings. 

Segment Information 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Digital Media $ 15,864 $ 14,216 $ 12,842 12 % Percentage of total revenue 74 % 73 % 73 % &#160; Digital Experience 5,366 4,893 4,422 10 % Percentage of total revenue 25 % 25 % 25 % &#160; Publishing and Advertising 275 300 342 (8) % Percentage of total revenue 1 % 2 % 2 % &#160; Total revenue $ 21,505 $ 19,409 $ 17,606 11 % ##TABLE_END

Digital Media 

Revenue by major offerings in our Digital Media reportable segment for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Creative Cloud $ 12,682 $ 11,517 $ 10,459 10 % Document Cloud 3,182 2,699 2,383 18 % Total Digital Media revenue $ 15,864 $ 14,216 $ 12,842 12 % ##TABLE_END

Revenue from Digital Media increased $1.65 billion during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023, driven by increases in revenue associated with our Creative and Document Cloud subscription offerings due to continued demand amid an increasingly digital environment, strong engagement across customer segments and migrating our customers to higher valued subscription offerings with increased revenue per subscription. 

Digital Experience 

Revenue from Digital Experience increased $473 million during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 driven by subscription revenue growth across our offerings. 

Geographical Information 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Americas $ 12,891 $ 11,654 $ 10,251 11 % Percentage of total revenue 60 % 60 % 58 % &#160; EMEA 5,554 4,881 4,593 14 % Percentage of total revenue 26 % 25 % 26 % &#160; APAC 3,060 2,874 2,762 6 % Percentage of total revenue 14 % 15 % 16 % &#160; Total revenue $ 21,505 $ 19,409 $ 17,606 11 % ##TABLE_END

Overall revenue during fiscal 2024 increased in all geographic regions as compared to fiscal 2023. Within each geographic region, the fluctuations in revenue by reportable segment were attributable to the factors noted in the segment information above. 

Included in the overall change in revenue for fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 were impacts associated with foreign currency and our foreign currency hedging program. During fiscal 2024, the U.S. Dollar primarily strengthened against APAC foreign currencies and weakened against EMEA foreign currencies as compared to fiscal 2023, which resulted in a net decrease in revenue in U.S. Dollar equivalents of approximately $45 million. During fiscal 2024, we had net hedging losses from our cash flow hedging program of $20 million. 

See Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details of revenue by geography. 

Cost of Revenue 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Subscription $ 1,799 $ 1,822 $ 1,646 (1) % Percentage of total revenue 8 % 9 % 9 % &#160; Product 25 29 35 (14) % Percentage of total revenue * * * &#160; Services and other 534 503 484 6 % Percentage of total revenue 2 % 3 % 3 % &#160; Total cost of revenue $ 2,358 $ 2,354 $ 2,165 * ##TABLE_END

_________________________________________ 

(*) Percentage is less than 1%. 

Subscription 

Cost of subscription revenue consists of third-party hosting services and data center costs, including expenses related to operating our network infrastructure and AI inferencing costs. Cost of subscription revenue also includes compensation costs associated with network operations, implementation, account management and technical support personnel, royalty fees, software costs and amortization of certain intangible assets. 

Cost of subscription revenue decreased due to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Components of % Change 2024-2023 

Loss contingency 

(5) % Amortization of intangibles (2) 

Hosting services and data center costs 

4 Various individually insignificant items 2 Total change (1) % ##TABLE_END

Cost of subscription revenue during fiscal 2024 included the reversal of a loss contingency incurred in fiscal 2023 associated with an IP litigation matter. 

Product &#160; 

Cost of product revenue is primarily comprised of third-party royalties, localization costs and costs associated with the manufacturing of our products. 

Services and Other 

Cost of services and other revenue is primarily comprised of compensation and contracted costs incurred to provide consulting services, training and product support, and hosting services and data center costs. 

Cost of services and other revenue increased during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in compensation costs and professional fees. 

Operating Expenses 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 

2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Research and development $ 3,944 $ 3,473 $ 2,987 14 % Percentage of total revenue 18 % 18 % 17 % &#160; Sales and marketing 5,764 5,351 4,968 8 % Percentage of total revenue 27 % 28 % 28 % &#160; General and administrative 1,529 1,413 1,219 8 % Percentage of total revenue 7 % 7 % 7 % &#160; 

Acquisition termination fee 

1,000 &#8212; &#8212; ** Percentage of total revenue 5 % * * Amortization of intangibles 169 168 169 1 % Percentage of total revenue 1 % 1 % 1 % &#160; Total operating expenses $ 12,406 $ 10,405 $ 9,343 19 % ##TABLE_END _________________________________________ 

(*) Percentage is less than 1%. 

(**) Percentage is not meaningful. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and contracted costs associated with software development, third-party hosting services and data center costs including AI training costs, related facilities costs and expenses associated with computer equipment and software used in development activities. 

Research and development expenses increased due to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Components of % Change 2024-2023 

Compensation costs 

7 % 

Hosting services and data center costs 

5 Various individually insignificant items 2 Total change 14 % ##TABLE_END

Investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant investments in the development of our subscription and service offerings, apps and tools. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, amortization of contract acquisition costs, including sales commissions, travel expenses and related facilities costs for our sales, marketing, order management and global supply chain management personnel. Sales and marketing expenses also include the costs of programs aimed at increasing revenue, such as advertising, trade shows and events, public relations and other market development programs. 

Sales and marketing expenses increased due to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Components of % Change 2024-2023 

Compensation costs 

4 % Marketing spend related to campaigns, events and overall marketing efforts 2 Various individually insignificant items 2 Total change 8 % ##TABLE_END

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and contracted costs, travel expenses and related facilities costs for our finance, facilities, human resources, legal, information services and executive personnel. General and administrative expenses also include outside legal and accounting fees, provision for bad debts, expenses associated with computer equipment and software used in the administration of the business, charitable contributions and various forms of insurance. 

General and administrative expenses increased due to the following: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Components of % Change 2024-2023 

Lease-related asset impairments and other charges 

7 % 

Compensation costs 

Professional and consulting fees 

(5) Various individually insignificant items 2 Total change 8 % ##TABLE_END

General and administrative expenses during fiscal 2024 included costs associated with the optimization of our leased facilities, primarily consisting of impairment charges for certain operating lease right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements. 

Acquisition Termination Fee 

During fiscal 2024, we incurred a $1 billion termination fee which resulted from termination of the Figma transaction. 

Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net 

##TABLE_START (dollars in millions) 

2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 Interest expense $ (169) $ (113) $ (112) 50 % Percentage of total revenue (1) % (1) % (1) % Investment gains (losses), net 48 16 (19) ** Percentage of total revenue * * * &#160; Other income (expense), net 311 246 41 ** Percentage of total revenue 1 % 1 % * Total non-operating income (expense), net $ 190 $ 149 $ (90) ** ##TABLE_END

_________________________________________ 

(*) Percentage is less than 1%. 

(**) Percentage is not meaningful. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense represents interest associated with our debt instruments. Interest on our senior notes is payable semi-annually, in arrears. 

Interest expense increased during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 due to the senior notes issued in April 2024. See Note 1 7 for further details regarding our debt. 

Investment Gains (Losses), Net 

Investment gains (losses), net consists principally of unrealized holding gains and losses associated with our deferred compensation plan assets. 

Other Income (Expense), Net &#160; 

Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and short-term fixed income investments. Other income (expense), net also includes realized gains and losses on fixed income investments and foreign exchange gains and losses. 

Other income (expense), net increased during fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in interest income driven by higher average cash equivalent balances and interest rates. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

##TABLE_START 

(dollars in millions) 

2024 2023 2022 % Change 2024-2023 

Provision for income taxes 

$ 1,371 $ 1,371 $ 1,252 * Percentage of total revenue 6 % 7 % 7 % &#160; Effective tax rate 20 % 20 % 21 % &#160; ##TABLE_END

_________________________________________ 

(*) Percentage is less than 1%. 

Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 remained relatively flat compared to fiscal 2023, as the impact of the Figma acquisition termination fee, which was not deductible for financial statement purposes, was largely offset by increases in the net tax benefits from effects of non-U.S. operations and stock-based compensation in fiscal 2024. 

Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to the net tax benefits from effects of non-U.S. operations and the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by the impacts of the Figma acquisition termination fee and state taxes. 

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized based on evaluation of all available positive and negative evidence. On the basis of this evaluation, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount realizable. The total valuation allowance was $725 million as of November 29, 2024, primarily related to certain state credits and federal capital loss carryforwards. 

We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. The current U.S. tax law subjects the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries to U.S. tax and generally allows an exemption from taxation for distributions from foreign subsidiaries. 

In the current global tax policy environment, the domestic and foreign governing bodies continue to consider, and in some cases introduce, changes in regulations applicable to corporate multinationals such as Adobe. As regulations are issued, we account for finalized regulations in the period of enactment. 

The provision from the U.S. Tax Act which requires us to capitalize and amortize research and development costs became effective in fiscal 2023. This requirement continues to have an adverse impact on our effective rates for income taxes paid, which is partially offset by a benefit to our effective tax rates from the increase in the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. 

Several countries have enacted, or have committed to enact, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development&#8217;s 15% global minimum tax regime effective for our fiscal 2025. The currently enacted legislation is not expected to have a material impact on our provision for income taxes, however we continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions on our results of operations and cash flows. 

See Note 10 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our provision for income taxes. 

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

The gross liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and penalties were $683 million and $501 million at the end of fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. If the total unrecognized tax benefits as of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023 were recognized, $519 million and $356 million would decrease the respective effective tax rates. 

As of November 29, 2024 and December 1, 2023, the combined amounts of accrued interest and penalties included in long-term income taxes payable related to tax positions taken on our tax returns were not material. 

The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain as are the amounts and timing of tax payments that are part of any audit settlement process. These events could cause large fluctuations in the balance sheet classification of our tax assets and liabilities. We believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude or statutes of limitations on certain income tax examination periods will expire, or both. Although the timing of resolution, settlement and closing of audits is not certain, it is reasonably possible that the underlying unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to $50 million over the next 12 months. 

Our future effective tax rates may be materially affected by changes in the tax rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in or interpretation of tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or unexpected changes in business and market conditions that could reduce certain tax benefits. 

In addition, tax laws in the United States as well as other countries and jurisdictions in which we conduct business are subject to change as new laws are passed and/or new interpretations are made available. These countries, governmental bodies, such as the European Commission of the European Union, and intergovernmental economic organizations, such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, have made or could make unprecedented assertions about how taxation is determined and, in some cases, have proposed or enacted new laws that are contrary to the way in which rules and regulations have historically been interpreted and applied. Changes in our operating landscape, such as changes in laws and/or interpretations of tax rules, could adversely affect our effective tax rates and/or cause us to respond by making changes to our business structure which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

Moreover, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from these examinations. Our policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. While we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash Flows 

Our primary source of cash is receipts from revenue. Other customary sources of cash include proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments. Our primary uses of cash are general business expenses including payroll and related benefits costs, income taxes, marketing and third-party hosting services, as well as our stock repurchase program as described below. Other customary uses of cash include purchases of property and equipment and payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. 

This data should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

##TABLE_START As of (in millions) November 29, 2024 December 1, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,613 $ 7,141 Short-term investments $ 273 $ 701 Working capital $ 711 $ 2,833 Stockholders&#8217; equity $ 14,105 $ 16,518 ##TABLE_END

A summary of our cash flows for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

##TABLE_START (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 8,056 $ 7,302 $ 7,838 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

149 776 (570) Net cash used for financing activities (7,724) (5,182) (6,825) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (9) 9 (51) Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ 472 $ 2,905 $ 392 ##TABLE_END

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

For fiscal 2024, net cash provided by operating activities of $8.06 billion was primarily comprised of net income adjusted for the net effect of non-cash items. Payment of the $1 billion Figma termination fee during fiscal 2024 had an adverse impact on net income and cash flows from operations. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For fiscal 2024, net cash provided by investing activities of $149 million was primarily due to maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by ongoing capital expenditures and purchases of long-term and short-term investments. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For fiscal 2024, net cash used for financing activities of $7.72 billion was primarily due to payments for our common stock repurchases, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes. See the sections titled &#8220;Senior Notes&#8221; and &#8220;Stock Repurchase Program&#8221; below. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Considerations 

Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2025 due to changes in our planned cash outlay. 

Cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks detailed in the section titled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in Part I, Item 1A of this report. Based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, operating resource expenditure and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future. 

Our cash equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of November 29, 2024 consisted of money market funds, corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits, U.S. agency securities and asset-backed securities. We use professional investment management firms to manage a large portion of our invested cash. 

We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, purchases of computer and server hardware to operate our network infrastructure, sales and marketing, product support and administrative staff. Furthermore, cash reserves may be used to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to strategically acquire companies, products or technologies that are complementary to our business. 

Revolving Credit Agreement 

We have a $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the &#8220;Revolving Credit Agreement&#8221;) with a syndicate of lenders, providing for loans to us and certain of our subsidiaries through June 30, 2027. Subject to the agreement of lenders, we may obtain up to an additional $500 million in commitments, for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2 billion. As of November 29, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement and the entire $1.5 billion credit line remains available for borrowing. Under the terms of our Revolving Credit Agreement, we are not prohibited from paying cash dividends unless payment would trigger an event of default or if one currently exists. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Commercial Paper Program 

We have a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper up to a total of $3 billion outstanding at any time, with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, stock repurchases, refinancing indebtedness or any other general corporate purposes. As of November 29, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program. 

Senior Notes 

In April 2024, we issued $500 million of senior notes due April 4, 2027, $750 million of senior notes due April 4, 2029 and $750 million of senior notes due April 4, 2034. In total, we have $5.65 billion of senior notes outstanding, which rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. As of November 29, 2024, the carrying value of our senior notes was $5.63 billion and our maximum commitment for interest payments was $806 million for the remaining duration of our outstanding senior notes. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears. Our senior notes do not contain any financial covenants. See Note 17 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding our debt. 

During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we reclassified the senior notes due February 1, 2025 as current debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of November 29, 2024, the carrying value of our current debt was $1.50 billion, net of the related discount and issuance costs. Though we intend to refinance the current portion of our debt on or before the due date, the timing of the refinancing may be impacted by market conditions. 

Contractual Obligations 

Our principal commitments consist of purchase obligations resulting from agreements to purchase goods and services in the ordinary course of business. As of November 29, 2024, the value of our non-cancellable unconditional purchase obligations was $5.79 billion, primarily relating to contracts with vendors for third-party hosting and data center services. See Note 16 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our purchase obligations. 

We lease certain facilities and data centers under non-cancellable operating lease arrangements that expire at various dates through 2034. As of November 29, 2024, the value of our obligations under operating leases was $463 million. S ee Note 18 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our lease obligations . 

Stock Repurchase Program 

To facilitate our stock repurchase program, designed to return value to our stockholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances, we may repurchase our shares in the open market or enter into structured repurchase agreements with third parties. In December 2020, our Board of Directors granted authority to repurchase up to $15 billion in our common stock, which became fully utilized during fiscal 2024. In March 2024, our Board of Directors granted additional authority to repurchase up to $25 billion in our common stock through March 14, 2028. 

During fiscal 2024, we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements (&#8220;ASRs&#8221;) with large financial institutions whereupon we provided them with prepayments totaling $9.5 billion. Subsequent to November 29, 2024, as part of the March 2024 stock repurchase authority, we entered into stock repurchase arrangements with a large financial institution which totaled $3.25 billion, including a $2.75 billion ASR and a trading plan under which we may execute up to $500 million in open market repurchases. 

See section titled &#8220; Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities &#8221; in Part II, Item 5 of this report for stock repurchases during the quarter ended November 29, 2024 and Note 14 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding our stock repurchase program. 

Indemnifications 

In the ordinary course of business, we provide indemnifications of varying scope to our customers and channel partners against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and from time to time, we are subject to claims by our customers under these indemnification provisions. Historically, costs related to these indemnification provisions have not been significant and we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnification provisions on our future results of operations. 

To the extent permitted under Delaware law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving at our request in such capacity. The indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the officer&#8217;s or director&#8217;s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that reduces our exposure and enables us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. 

