 ITEM 1. BUSINESS ##TABLE_END Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The statements in this report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including &#147;believes,&#148; &#147;expects,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; &#147;seeks,&#148; &#147;intends,&#148; &#147;plans,&#148; &#147;pro forma,&#148; &#147;estimates,&#148; &#147;anticipates,&#148; or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: the timing, features and functionality of our future products; future patent applications; demand for our products; the growth, change and competitive landscape of the markets in which we participate; the nature and extent of our future payments to GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF) and the materiality of these payments; the materiality of our future purchases from GF; sales patterns of our semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products; consumer PC market conditions; the success of our transformation strategy; our ability to transform our business to attain revenue from high-growth markets; expected Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment research and development costs; expected restructuring charge and cash payments to be made in connection with our restructuring plan announced in October 2014 (the 2014 Restructuring Plan); expected benefits of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation initiatives; suitability and adequacy of our existing facilities; the level of international sales as compared to total sales; our ability to reduce our unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months; that other unrecognized tax benefits will not materially change in the next 12 months; that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances, the savings from our 2014 Restructuring Plan and our senior secured asset based line of credit will be sufficient to fund our operations including capital expenditures over the next 12 months; our ability to obtain sufficient external financing on favorable terms, or at all; our dependence on a small number of customers; our hedging strategy; and our expenditures related to environmental compliance and conflict minerals disclosure requirements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, without limitation, the following: Intel Corporation&#146;s dominance of the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively; we rely on GF to manufacture most of our microprocessor and APU products and certain of our GPU and semi-custom products. If GF is not able to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted; we rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected; failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our financial results; the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions; if we cannot generate sufficient revenue and operating cash flow or obtain external financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments; we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets; the completion and impact of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation initiatives could adversely affect us; global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results; we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations or meet our working capital requirements; we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations; the agreements governing our notes and our senior secured asset based line of credit for a principal amount up to $500 million (Secured Revolving Line of Credit) impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business; the markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive; the loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us; our receipt of 

&#160; 

revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party products and the success of those products; the demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property; we depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other computer platform components to support our business; if we lose Microsoft Corporation&#146;s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected; we may incur future impairments of goodwill; uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us; our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks; our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our product development programs; in the event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, which would result in a default under the indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit; the semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future; our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls; data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation; our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns; if essential equipment or materials are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected; if our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we could be materially adversely affected; costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us; if we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected; we outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services; acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price of, our common stock; our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us; worldwide political conditions may adversely affect demand for our products; unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us; our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us; if we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses; we are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products; a variety of environmental laws that we are subject to could result in additional costs and liabilities; higher health care costs and labor costs could adversely affect our business; and, our business is subject to potential tax liabilities. 

For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, see &#147;Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors&#148; and the &#147;Financial Condition&#148; section set forth in &#147;Part II, Item 7-Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,&#148; or MD&#38;A, beginning on page 41 below and such other risks and uncertainties as set forth below in this report or detailed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports and filings. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

General 

We are a global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. Within the global semiconductor industry, we offer primarily: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), chipsets, discrete graphics processing units (GPUs) and professional graphics; and 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products and technology for game consoles. 

##TABLE_END For financial information about geographic areas and for segment information with respect to revenues and operating results, refer to the information set forth in Note 12 of our consolidated financial statements, beginning on page 95 below. 

Additional Information 

We were incorporated under the laws of Delaware on May 1, 1969 and became a publicly held company in 1972. Our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange from 1979 until the close of trading on December 31, 2014. On January 2, 2015, we transferred the listing of our common stock to The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol &#147;AMD&#148;. Our mailing address and executive offices are located at One AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California 94088, and our telephone number is (408) 749-4000. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to &#147;AMD,&#148; &#147;we,&#148; &#147;us,&#148; &#147;management,&#148; &#147;our&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148; mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. 

AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, ATI, the ATI logo, AMD Athlon, AMD Opteron, AMD Phenom, AMD Sempron, AMD Turion, FirePro, CrossFire, Radeon, Geode, SeaMicro and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Microsoft, Windows, Xbox360 and Xbox One are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. PlayStation is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc. Wii and Wii U are registered trademarks of Nintendo of America, Inc. ARM and Cortex are registered trademarks of ARM Limited (or its subsidiaries). 

Other names are for informational purposes only and are used to identify companies and products and may be trademarks of their respective owners. 

Web Site Access to Our SEC Filings and Corporate Governance Documents 

On the Investor Relations pages of our Web site, www.amd.com , we post links to our filings with the SEC, our Principles of Corporate Governance, our Code of Ethics for our executive officers and all other senior finance executives, our &#147;Worldwide Standards of Business Conduct,&#148; which applies to our Board of Directors and all of our employees, and the charters of the Audit and Finance, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Innovation and Technology committees of our Board of Directors. Our filings with the SEC are posted as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. You can also obtain copies of these documents by writing to us at: Secretary, AMD, 7171 Southwest Parkway, M/S B100.2, Austin, Texas 78735, or emailing us at: Corporate.Secretary@amd.com . All of these documents and filings are available free of charge. 

If we make substantive amendments to our Code of Ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions, we intend to disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our Web site or in a Current Report on Form 8-K in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The information contained on our Web site is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, this report. 

Our Industry 

We are a global semiconductor company. Semiconductors are components used in a variety of electronic products and systems. An integrated circuit (IC) is a semiconductor device that consists of many interconnected transistors on a single chip. Since the invention of the transistor in 1948, improvements in IC process and design technologies have led to the development of smaller, more complex and more reliable ICs at a lower cost-per-function. 

&#160; 

Computing and Graphics 

The x86 Microprocessor and Chipset Markets 

Central Processing Unit (CPU) . A microprocessor is an IC that serves as the CPU of a computer. It generally consists of hundreds of millions or billions of transistors that process data and control other devices in the system, acting as the &#147;brain&#148; of the computer. The performance of a microprocessor is a critical factor impacting the performance of computing and entertainment platforms, such as desktop PCs, notebooks, tablets and workstations. The principal elements used to measure CPU performance are work-per-cycle (or how many instructions are executed per cycle), clock speed (representing the rate at which a CPU&#146;s internal logic operates, measured in units of gigahertz, or billions of cycles per second) and power consumption. Other factors impacting microprocessor performance include the number and type of cores in a microprocessor, the bit rating of the microprocessor, memory size and data access speed. 

Developments in IC design and manufacturing process technologies have resulted in significant advances in microprocessor performance. As businesses and consumers require greater performance from their computer systems due to the growth of digital data and increasingly sophisticated software applications, semiconductor companies are designing and developing multi-core microprocessors, where multiple processor cores are placed on a single die or in a single processor. Multi-core microprocessors offer enhanced overall system performance and efficiency because computing tasks can be spread across two or more processing cores, each of which can execute a task at full speed. Multi-core microprocessors can increase performance of a computer system without greatly increasing the total amount of power consumed and the total amount of heat emitted. Businesses and consumers also require computer systems with improved power management technology, which helps them to reduce the power consumption of their computer systems and lower total cost of ownership. 

Accelerated Processing Unit (APU) and System-on-Chip (SoC) . Consumers increasingly demand computing devices, including desktop and notebooks PCs, and smaller form factors, such as tablets and 2-in-1s (PCs that can function both as a notebook or a tablet), with improved end-user experience, system performance and energy efficiency. Consumers also continue to demand thinner and lighter mobile devices, with better performance and longer battery life. We believe that a computing architecture that optimizes the use of its components can provide these improvements. 

An APU is a processing unit that integrates a CPU and a GPU onto one chip (or one piece of silicon), along with, in some cases, other special-purpose components. This integration enhances system performance by &#147;offloading&#148; selected tasks to the best-suited component (i.e., the CPU or the GPU) to optimize component use, increasing the speed of data flow between the CPU and GPU through shared memory and allowing the GPU to function as both a graphics engine and an application accelerator. Having the CPU and GPU on the same chip also typically improves energy efficiency by, for example, eliminating connections between discrete chips. 

An SoC is a type of IC with a CPU, GPU and other components, such as a memory controller and peripheral management, comprising a complete computing system on a single chip. By combining all of these elements as an SoC, system performance and energy efficiency is improved, similar to an APU. 

Heterogeneous System Architecture (HSA) describes an industry standard that is an overarching design for having combinations of CPU and GPU processor cores operate as a unified, integrated engine that shares system responsibilities and resources. We are a founding member of the HSA Foundation, a non-profit organization established to define and promote this open standards-based approach to heterogeneous computing. Heterogeneous computing allows for the elevation of the GPU to the same level of the CPU for memory access, queuing and execution. In other words, rather than having a CPU as a master and other various processors as subordinates, these CPU and GPU processing units can be referred to as &#147;compute cores&#148; (where each core is capable of running at least one process in its own context and virtual memory space, independently from other cores). Heterogeneous computing also allows software programmers to develop applications that more fully utilize the full compute capabilities of APUs and SoCs. 

&#160; 

Chipset. A chipset is a generic term referring to a collection of system level components that manage data flow among a microprocessor or microprocessors, memory and peripherals (such as CD ROM drives, DVD drives and USB peripherals). Chipsets perform essential logic functions, balance a system&#146;s performance and provide system control and power management functions. Some chipsets have graphics capabilities by including an integrated graphics processor (IGP) within the chipset. A chipset with an IGP is known as an IGP chipset. IGP chipsets can offer a lower cost, reduced power alternative and are often also used in smaller form factors. Systems that are powered by an APU or by a CPU and discrete GPU combination often do not have a chipset and instead use an AMD Controller Hub chip to perform the functions of a chipset. As a result, we believe that either an APU and AMD Controller Hub chip combination or an SoC, which already includes a chipset, will eventually replace the market for IGP chipsets. 

Our x86 Microprocessor and Chipset Products 

Our microprocessors are incorporated into computing platforms, which are a collection of technologies that are designed to work together to provide a more complete computing solution and to enable and advance the computing components. We believe that integrated, balanced computing platforms consisting of microprocessors, chipsets and GPUs that work together at the system level bring end users improved system stability, increased performance and enhanced power efficiency. In addition, we believe our customers also benefit from an all-AMD platform (consisting of an APU or CPU, a discrete GPU and a chipset or an AMD Fusion Controller Hub chip), as we are able to optimize interoperability, provide them with a single point of contact for the key platform components and enable them to bring the platforms to market faster in a variety of client and server system form factors. 

We currently base our microprocessors and chipsets on the x86 instruction set architecture and AMD&#146;s Direct Connect Architecture, which connects an on-chip memory controller and input/output (I/O) channels directly to one or more microprocessor cores. We typically integrate two or more processor cores onto a single die, and each core has its own dedicated cache, which is memory that is located on the semiconductor die, permitting quicker access to frequently used data and instructions. Some of our microprocessors have additional levels of cache such as L2, or second-level cache, and L3, or third-level cache, to enable faster data access and higher performance. 

We focus on continually improving the energy efficiency of our products through our design principles and innovations in power management technology. To that end, we offer CPUs, GPUs, APUs, SoCs and chipsets with multiple low power states that utilize lower clock speeds and voltages to reduce processor power consumption during active and idle times. The use of intelligent, dynamic power management is designed to create lower energy use by allowing compute applications to be completed quickly and efficiently, enabling a return to the ultra-low power idle state. 

Desktop. Our APUs for desktop PCs consist primarily of the AMD A-Series and AMD E-Series APUs. We also offer AMD FX CPUs for the enthusiast market. In January 2014, we launched the AMD A10-7850K and A10-7700K, formerly codenamed &#147;Kaveri,&#148; for desktops. &#147;Kaveri&#148; is the world&#146;s first APU to include HSA features, AMD TrueAudio technology for improved fidelity and immersive audio and the HD gaming experience of AMD&#146;s Mantle application programming interface (API). Our Mantle API is designed to allow game developers to take greater advantage of the full capability of our Graphic Core Next (GCN) architecture. Our GCN is our new approach to the design of a consumer GPU. In July 2014, we expanded our desktop AMD A-Series APU with the AMD A10-7800 APU, our high performance APU. We also introduced the AMD A8-7600, AMD A6-7400K and AMD A4-7300 APUs, which are designed to allow consumers to upgrade their application and office experience on their desktop PC. The latest generation of our AMD FX CPUs is based on the &#147;Piledriver&#148; x86 multi-core architecture. Our AMD FX CPUs are designed for multitasking, high resolution gaming and HD media processing and come in eight-, six- and quad-core versions. 

Notebook and 2-in-1s. In response to consumer demand, we continue to invest in designing and developing high performing and low power notebook PC platforms. Our APUs for notebook PCs consist 

&#160; 

primarily of performance AMD A-Series APUs and AMD E-Series APUs. These APUs combine discrete-level AMD Radeon&#153; graphics, dedicated HD video processing and multi-core CPU processors on a single chip and are designed to maximize performance and energy efficiency. In April 2014, we announced our 2014 mainstream and low-power APUs and mobile APUs, formerly codenamed &#147;Beema&#148; and &#147;Mullins,&#148; respectively, which feature up to four newly-designed x86 CPU cores with AMD Radeon graphics and a hardware-level data security solution based on the ARM &#174; Cortex &#174; -A5, all on a single SoC. In June 2014, we introduced our 2014 Performance Mobile APUs, formerly codenamed &#147;Kaveri,&#148; designed for ultrathin and high-performance mobile PCs. As part of the 2014 Performance Mobile APUs, we introduced the AMD FX APU designed for enthusiast-level performance for gaming and multitasking. Also, in June 2014, we announced our new AMD Pro A-Series APUs with HSA features designed for commercial notebook PCs. 

Chipsets. Our portfolio of chipset products includes chipsets with and without IGPs for desktop and notebook PCs and servers, as well as AMD Controller Hub-based chipsets for our APUs. We offer AMD 9-Series and AMD A88X, A85X, A78, A75, A68H, A58 and A55 for desktop PCs, and we offer AMD A76M chipsets for notebook PCs. We also offer AMD 785E, SR5690, 780E and M690T chipsets for our embedded products. 

Graphics Market 

The semiconductor graphics market addresses the need for improved visual processing in various computing devices. Many consumers value a rich visual experience to enable a more compelling and immersive experience, and, for these consumers, the PC is evolving from a traditional data processing and communications device to an entertainment platform. As a result, visual realism and graphical display capabilities are key product differentiation elements among computing devices. This has led to increasing creation and use of processing-intensive multimedia content for computing devices, including playing games, capturing TV and other multimedia content, viewing online videos, photo editing and managing digital content. In turn, these trends have contributed to higher consumer demand for performance graphics solutions and manufacturers designing computing devices with these capabilities. 

Our APUs deliver visual processing functionality for value and mainstream PCs by integrating a CPU and a GPU on a single chip, while discrete GPUs (which are also known as dedicated GPUs) are on a separate chip from the CPU and are specifically architected for higher performance graphics processing. Heavy computational workloads have traditionally been processed on a CPU, but we believe that the industry is shifting to a new computing paradigm that increasingly relies more on a discrete GPU or an APU. AMD Accelerated Parallel Processing or GPGPU (General Purpose GPU) refers to a set of advanced hardware and software technologies that enable discrete AMD GPUs, working in concert with the CPU, to accelerate applications beyond traditional graphics and video processing by allowing the discrete GPU and the CPU to process information cooperatively. In addition, computing devices with HSA features run computationally-intensive tasks more efficiently, which we believe provides a superior application experience to the end user. 

Our Graphics Products 

Our graphics products can be found in an APU, GPU, SoC or a combination of a GPU with one of the other foregoing products working in tandem. Our customers generally use our graphics solutions to increase the speed of rendering images and to help improve image resolution and color definition. We develop our graphics products for use in various computing devices and entertainment platforms, including desktop PCs, notebook PCs, 2-in-1s and professional workstations. With each of our graphics products, we have available drivers and supporting software packages that enable the effective use of these products under a variety of operating systems and applications. In addition, our recent generation graphics products have Linux &#174; driver support. 

Discrete Desktop Graphics . We offer discrete graphics products for gaming, multimedia, editing photos and videos as well as other graphic-intensive applications on desktop platforms. Our discrete GPUs for desktop 

&#160; 

PCs include the AMD Radeon R7 and R9 series, AMD Radeon HD 8000 series, AMD Radeon 7000 series and AMD Radeon HD 6000 series. In February 2014, we introduced two new additions to the R7 series&#151;the AMD Radeon R7 250X and R7 265. In March 2014, we added the AMD Radeon R9 280 to the R9 Series, and more recently in April 2014, we introduced the AMD Radeon R9 295X2, powered by two AMD Radeon R9 295 GPUs on a single card designed for gamers and PC enthusiasts. All models of our AMD Radeon R7 and R9 series graphic cards support our Mantle API. 

Discrete Notebook Graphics. Our discrete GPUs for notebooks are designed to address graphics performance, visual experience, power efficiency, dedicated memory support and ease of design integration, all of which are key considerations for notebook manufacturers. The AMD lineup of discrete GPUs for notebooks includes the AMD Radeon HD 7000M series and AMD Radeon HD 6000M series. In January 2014, we introduced the AMD Radeon R9, R7 and R5 M200 Series, our new family of discrete GPUs for notebooks designed with support for Mantle API. 

Professional Graphics. Our AMD FirePro&#153; family of professional graphics products consists of 3D and 2D multi-view graphics cards and GPUs that we designed for integration in mobile and desktop workstations, as well as commercial PCs. We designed our AMD FirePro 3D graphics cards for demanding applications, such as those found in the computer aided design (CAD) and digital content creation (DCC) markets, with drivers specifically tuned for maximum performance, stability and reliability across a wide range of software packages. We designed our AMD FirePro 2D graphics cards with dual- and quad-display outputs for financial and corporate environments. 

We also provide the AMD FirePro S-Series GPU products for the server market, where we target high performance computing (HPC) and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) use cases. In April 2014, we launched the AMD FirePro W9100 professional graphics cards for next-generation workstations with ultra-high resolution and multi-display capabilities. In June 2014, we launched the AMD FirePro W8100 professional graphics card designed for the next generation 4K CAD and media and entertainment workflows, engineering analysis and supercomputing applications. In August 2014, we introduced new additions to the next generation AMD FirePro professional graphics family, the AMD FirePro W2100, AMD FirePro W4100, AMD FirePro W5100 and AMD FirePro W7100. Additionally, we announced the AMD FirePro S9150 Server GPU in August 2014, designed for large scale multi-GPU support and the AMD FirePro S9100 in October 2014, designed for high visualization, high throughput and multi-tasking. 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 

The Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Markets 

Server. A server is a computer system that performs services for connected customers as part of a client-server architecture. Many servers are designed to run an application or applications often for extended periods of time with minimal human intervention. Examples of servers include web servers, e-mail servers and print servers. These servers can run a variety of applications, including business intelligence, enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management and advanced scientific or engineering models to solve advanced computational problems in disciplines ranging from financial modeling to weather forecasting to oil and gas exploration. Servers are also used in cloud computing, which is a computing model where data, applications and services are delivered over the internet or an intranet. Today&#146;s data centers require new technologies and configuration models to meet the demand driven by the staggering amount of data that needs to be stored, accessed and managed. Servers must be efficient, scalable and adaptable to meet the compute characteristics of new and changing workloads. 

Embedded . Embedded products address computing needs in PC-adjacent markets, such as industrial control and automation, digital signage, point of sale/self-service kiosks, medical imaging, set-top box and casino gaming machines as well as enterprise class telecommunications, networking, security, storage systems and &#147;thin clients&#148; (which are computers that serve as an access device on a network). Typically, our embedded products are used in applications that require high to moderate levels of performance, where key features may include 

&#160; 

mobility, relatively low power, small form factor, and 24x7 operations. High performance graphics are increasingly important in many embedded systems. Support for Linux, Windows and other operating systems as well as for increasingly sophisticated applications are also critical for some customers. Other requirements may include meeting rigid specifications for industrial temperatures, shock, vibration and reliability. The embedded market has moved from developing proprietary, custom designs to leveraging industry-standard instruction set architectures and processors as a way to help reduce costs and speed time to market. 

Semi-Custom . We have leveraged our core IP, including our graphics and processing technologies developed for the PC market, to develop semi-custom solutions for customers who want differentiation in their products, including today&#146;s leading game console manufacturers. In this market, semiconductor suppliers work alongside game console manufacturers to enhance the visual performance and overall user experience for game console customers. This same type of collaborative development approach can also address customer needs in many other markets beyond game consoles, leveraging our existing IP to create a variety of products tailored to a specific customer&#146;s needs, ranging from complex fully-customized SoCs to more modest adaptations and integrations of existing CPU, APU or GPU products. 

Our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Products 

Server Processors. Our microprocessors for server platforms currently include: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; The AMD Opteron TM X-Series includes small-core x86 APUs and CPUs that are ideal for next-generation scale-out Web and cloud applications ranging from big data analytics to image processing, multimedia content delivery and hosting. 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; AMD Opteron 6300 Series processors, which are designed to meet the demanding performance per-watt, per-dollar requirements that are at the heart of server buying decisions. The AMD Opteron 6338P (12 core) and 6370P (16 core) processors are optimized to handle the heavily virtualized workloads found in enterprise environments. These processors feature the &#147;Piledriver&#148; core and are fully socket and software compatible with the existing AMD Opteron 6300 Series. 

##TABLE_END During 2014, we began sampling the AMD Opteron A1100 Series processor, our first 64-bit ARM-based server processor based on 28nm technology. AMD Opteron A-Series processors combine AMD&#146;s expertise in delivering server-class silicon with ARM&#146;s trademark low-power architecture. These products are designed to bring the experience and technology portfolio of an established server processor vendor to the ARM ecosystem and complement our AMD Opteron x86 server processors. The first AMD Opteron A-Series processors are expected to launch later in 2015. 

Dense Server Systems. In addition, to offering microprocessors for servers, we offer dense server systems, designed to reduce power consumption and improve space efficiency for data centers. Our dense server products currently include the SeaMicro SM15000&#153; server, as well as the SeaMicro Freedom&#153; Fabric Storage series of storage enclosures. SeaMicro dense servers incorporate our proprietary fabric technology, the Freedom&#153; supercomputer fabric, which interconnects hundreds of card-sized motherboards, eliminating top-of-rack switches, terminal servers, hundreds of cables and thousands of unnecessary components for a more efficient and simple operational environment. We designed this fabric to reduce data center power consumption while providing low latency and higher bandwidth interconnections. 

Embedded Processors . Our embedded processors are increasingly driving intelligence into new areas of our lives, from smart TVs and set-top boxes to interactive digital signage, casino gaming, and medical imaging. These products are designed to support greater connectivity and productivity, and we believe they are a strong driver for the &#147;internet of things&#148; and &#147;surround computing&#148; areas in the computing industry. Our processor products for embedded platforms include the following: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; Our second generation AMD Embedded R-Series APU and CPU launched in May 2014, formerly codenamed &#147;Bald Eagle,&#148; supports HSA and was designed for processing performance, power 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; efficiency and multimedia immersion in mid-to high-end visual and parallel compute-intensive embedded applications. 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; The AMD Embedded G-Series SoC platform is a high-performance, low-power design offering ultra-low power consumption and advanced graphics performance. In June 2014, we announced our AMD Embedded G-Series SoC, formerly codenamed &#147;Steppe Eagle,&#148; designed for rugged and harsh environments such as ATMs, kiosks, automation, medical equipment and gaming machines. Also in June 2014, we introduced another AMD Embedded G-Series CPU, formerly codenamed &#147;Crowned Eagle,&#148; for networking and communications infrastructure applications that require high performance at low cost and low power. 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; The AMD Embedded Radeon&#153; E-Series GPU family includes a broad array of discrete GPU products designed to provide immersive graphics and enhanced parallel compute capabilities for the embedded market. The AMD Embedded Radeon E8860 GPU is the industry&#146;s first discrete graphics card for embedded applications based on GCN architecture, delivering 3D and 4K graphics to embedded gaming machines, digital signage, medical imaging, commercial aerospace, and other embedded applications. 

##TABLE_END In October 2014, we began sampling our first 64-bit ARM Cortex-A57-based AMD Embedded R-Series SoC, codenamed &#147;Hierofalcon.&#148; The AMD Embedded R-Series SoC platform is designed for embedded data center applications, communications infrastructure and industrial solutions and is expected to ship in the first half of 2015. 

Semi-Custom. Our semi-custom products are tailored, high-performance customer-specific solutions based on AMD&#146;s CPU, GPU and multi-media technologies. We work closely together with our customers to define solutions to precisely match the requirements of the device or application. Historically we have leveraged our core graphics processing technology into the game console market by licensing our graphic technology in game consoles such as the Microsoft &#174; Xbox 360&#153; and Nintendo Wii and Wii U. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Sony launched its Sony Playstation &#174; 4 and Microsoft launched its Microsoft &#174; Xbox One. Both of these next-generation game consoles are powered by AMD semi-custom SoC products. 

Marketing and Sales 

We sell our products through our direct sales force and through independent distributors and sales representatives in both domestic and international markets. Our sales arrangements generally operate on the basis of product forecasts provided by the particular customer, but do not typically include any commitment or requirement for minimum product purchases. We primarily use purchase orders, sales order acknowledgments and contractual agreements as evidence of our sales arrangements. Our agreements typically contain standard terms and conditions covering matters such as payment terms, warranties and indemnities for issues specific to our products. 

We generally warrant that our products sold to our customers will conform to our approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and service for one year. Subject to certain exceptions, we also offer a three-year limited warranty to end users for only those CPU and AMD A-Series APU products purchased as individually packaged products, commonly referred to as &#147;processors in a box&#148; and for PC workstation products. We have also offered extended limited warranties to certain customers of &#147;tray&#148; microprocessor products for each of our business units and/or workstation graphics products who have written agreements with us and target their computer systems at the commercial and/or embedded markets. 

We market and sell our latest products under the AMD trademark and some legacy graphics products under the ATI trademark. Our desktop PC product brands for microprocessors are AMD A-Series, AMD E-Series, AMD FX CPU, AMD Athlon CPU and APU and AMD Sempron APU and CPU. Our notebook and 2-in-1s for microprocessors are AMD A-Series, AMD E-Series, AMD C-Series, AMD Z-Series, AMD FX APU, AMD Phenom, AMD Athlon CPU and APU, AMD Turion and AMD Sempron APU and CPU. Our server brand for 

&#160; 

microprocessors is AMD Opteron. We sell dense server systems products under the SeaMicro brand, including the SM15000 series and Freedom Fabric Storage series for storage systems. We also sell low-power versions of our AMD Opteron, AMD Athlon and AMD Sempron, as well as AMD Geode, AMD R-Series and G-Series processors as embedded processor solutions. Our product brand for the consumer graphics market is AMD Radeon. Our product brand for professional graphics products is AMD FirePro. We also market and sell our chipsets under the AMD trademark. 

We market our products through our direct marketing and co-marketing programs. In addition, we have cooperative advertising and marketing programs with customers and third parties, including market development programs, pursuant to which we may provide product information, training, marketing materials and funds. Under our co-marketing development programs, eligible customers can use market development funds as reimbursement for advertisements and marketing programs related to our products and third-party systems integrating our products, subject to meeting defined criteria. 

Customers 

Our microprocessor customers consist primarily of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), system builders and independent distributors in both domestic and international markets. ODMs provide design and/or manufacturing services to branded and unbranded private label resellers, OEMs and system builders. Our graphics product customers include the foregoing as well as add-in-board manufacturers (AIBs). 

Customers of our chipset products consist primarily of PC and server OEMs, often through ODMs or other contract manufacturers, who build the OEM motherboards, as well as desktop and server motherboard manufacturers who incorporate chipsets into their channel motherboards. 

We work closely with our customers to define product features, performance and timing of new products so that the products we are developing meet our customers&#146; needs. We also employ application engineers to assist our customers in designing, testing and qualifying system designs that incorporate our products. We believe that our commitment to customer service and design support improves our customers&#146; time-to-market and fosters relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation of our products. 

We work closely with our customers to create differentiated products that leverage our CPU, GPU and APU technology. In some cases, customers of our semi-custom products pay us non-recurring engineering fees for design and development services and a purchase price for the resulting semi-custom products. 

Collectively, our top five customers accounted for approximately 61% of our net revenue during the year ended 2014. In 2014, Hewlett-Packard Company, Microsoft Corporation and Sony Corporation each accounted for more than 13% of our consolidated net revenues. Sales to Hewlett-Packard consisted primarily of products from our Computing and Graphics segment. Sales to Microsoft and Sony consisted primarily of products from our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Five customers, including Hewlett-Packard, accounted for approximately 54% of the net revenue attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment. In addition, five customers, including Sony, Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard, accounted for approximately 90% of the net revenue attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. A loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Original Equipment Manufacturers 

We focus on three types of OEM customers: multi-nationals, selected regional accounts and target market customers. Large multi-nationals and regional accounts are our core OEM customers. Our OEM customers include numerous foreign and domestic manufacturers of servers and workstations, desktops, notebooks, PC motherboards and game consoles. 

&#160; 

Third-Party Distributors 

Our authorized channel distributors resell to sub-distributors and mid-sized and smaller OEMs and ODMs. Typically, distributors handle a wide variety of products, including those that compete with our products. Distributors typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions and provide return rights with respect to any product that we have removed from our price book that is not more than 12 months older than the manufacturing code date. In addition, some agreements with our distributors may contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. 

Add-in-Board (AIB) Manufacturers and System Integrators 

We offer component-level graphics and chipset products to AIB manufacturers who in turn build and sell board-level products using our technology to system integrators (SIs), and to retail buyers. Our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We also sell directly to our SI customers. SIs typically sell from positions of regional or product-based strength in the market. They usually operate on short design cycles and can respond quickly with new technologies. SIs often use discrete graphics solutions as a means to differentiate their products and add value to their customers. 

Competition 

Generally, the IC industry is intensely competitive. Products typically compete on timely product introductions, product quality (including enabling state-of-the art visual experiences), power consumption (including battery life), reliability, processor clock speed, performance, size (or form factor), selling, price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility and stability, brand recognition and availability. Technological advances in the industry result in frequent product introductions, regular price reductions and short product life cycles for some products, and increased product capabilities that may result in significant performance improvements. Our ability to compete depends on our ability to develop, introduce and sell new products or enhanced versions of existing products on a timely basis and at competitive prices, while reducing our costs. 

Competition in the Microprocessor and Chipset Market 

Intel Corporation has been the market share leader for microprocessors for many years. Intel&#146;s market share, margins and significant financial resources enable it to market its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners with special incentives and to influence customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past and are likely in the future to result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for many of our products and adversely affect our margins and profitability. 

As long as Intel remains in this dominant position, we may be materially adversely affected by Intel&#146;s: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; product mix and introduction schedules; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers and channel partners; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; control over industry standards, PC manufacturers and other PC industry participants, including motherboard, memory, chipset and basic input/output system, or BIOS, suppliers and software companies as well as the graphics interface for Intel platforms; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; marketing and advertising expenditures in support of positioning the Intel brand over the brand of its OEM customers. 

##TABLE_END Intel exerts substantial influence over computer manufacturers and their channels of distribution through various brand and other marketing programs. As a result of Intel&#146;s position in the microprocessor market, Intel 

&#160; 

has been able to control x86 microprocessor and computer system standards and benchmarks and to dictate the type of products the microprocessor market requires of us. Intel also dominates the computer system platform, which includes core logic chipsets, graphics chips, motherboards and other components necessary to assemble a computer system. OEMs that purchase microprocessors for computer systems are highly dependent on Intel, less innovative on their own and, to a large extent, are distributors of Intel technology. Additionally, Intel is able to drive de facto standards and specifications for x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access to such standards. 

Intel has substantially greater financial resources than we do and accordingly spends substantially greater amounts on marketing and research and development than we do. We expect Intel to maintain its market position and to continue to invest heavily in marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products using more advanced process technologies, or introduces competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to Intel&#146;s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. For example, Intel recently introduced microprocessors for low-cost notebooks, similar to products that we offer for low-cost notebooks. 

Intel&#146;s position in the microprocessor market and IGP chipset market, its introduction of competitive new products, its existing relationships with top-tier OEMs and its aggressive marketing and pricing strategies could result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Other competitors include a variety of companies providing or developing ARM-based designs at relatively low cost and low power processors for the computing market including netbooks, tablets and thin-client form factors, as well as dense servers, set-top boxes and gaming consoles. ARM Holdings designs and licenses its ARM architecture to third parties, including us, and offers supporting software and services. Our ability to compete with companies who use ARM-based solutions depends on our ability to timely design and bring to market energy-efficient, high-performing products at an attractive price point. 

In the chipset market, our competitors include suppliers of IGP chipsets. PC manufacturers use IGP chipsets because they cost less than traditional discrete GPUs while offering acceptable graphics performance for most mainstream PC users. Intel also leverages its dominance in the microprocessor market to sell its IGP chipsets. Intel manufactures and sells IGP chipsets bundled with their microprocessors and is our main competitor in this market. 

Competition in the Graphics Markets 

In the graphics market, our competitors include suppliers of discrete graphics, embedded graphics processors and IGP chipsets. Intel manufactures and sells embedded graphics processors and IGP chipsets, and is a dominant competitor with respect to this portion of our business. Higher unit shipments of our APUs and Intel&#146;s integrated graphics may drive computer manufacturers to reduce the number of systems they build paired with discrete graphics components, particularly for notebooks, because they may offer satisfactory graphics performance for most mainstream PC users, at a lower cost. Intel could take actions that place our discrete GPUs and IGP chipsets at a competitive disadvantage such as giving one or more of our competitors in the graphics market, such as Nvidia Corporation, preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful information. 

Our principal competitor in the graphics market is Nvidia. AMD and Nvidia are the two principal players offering discrete graphics solutions. Other competitors include a number of smaller companies, which may have greater flexibility to address specific market needs, but less financial resources to do so, especially as we believe that the growing complexity of graphics processors and the associated research and development costs represent an increasingly higher barrier to entry in this market. In the semi-custom game console products, where graphics performance is critical, we compete against primarily Nvidia, and also compete against Imagination Technology Group. 

&#160; 

Research and Development 

We focus our research and development activities on improving and enhancing product design. One main area of focus is on delivering the next generation of products with greater system level integration of the CPU and GPU and transforming our products into SoCs, with, in each case, improved system performance and performance-per-watt characteristics. For example, we are focusing on improving the battery life of our microprocessors and APU products for notebooks and the power efficiency of our microprocessors for servers. We are also focusing on delivering a range of low-power integrated platforms to serve key markets, including commercial clients, mobile computing and gaming and media computing, as well as developing an HSA, which is designed for software developers to easily program APUs by combining scalar processing on the CPU with parallel processing on the GPU, all while providing high bandwidth access to memory at low power. We believe that these integrated platforms will bring customers better time-to-market and increased performance and energy efficiency. We also work with industry leaders on process technology, software and other functional intellectual property and we work with others in the industry, public foundations, universities and industry consortia to conduct early stage research and development. 

Our research and development expenses for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. For more information, see &#147;Part II, Item 7&#151;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,&#148; below. 

We conduct product and system research and development activities for our products in the United States with additional design and development engineering teams located in China, Canada, India, Singapore, Taiwan and Israel. 

Manufacturing Arrangements and Assembly and Test Facilities 

Third-Party Wafer Foundry Facilities 

GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. On March 2, 2009, we entered into a Wafer Supply Agreement (the WSA) with GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. (GF). The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF, a related party to us. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited exceptions. For more information about the WSA, see &#147;Part II, Item 7-Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-GLOBALFOUNDRIES,&#148; below. GF currently manufactures wafers for our products on 300 millimeter wafers primarily in technologies ranging from 32nm to 28nm. 

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company . We also have foundry arrangements with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) for the production of wafers for certain products. We are in production in TSMC&#146;s 300 millimeter fabrication facilities in technologies ranging from 65nm to 28nm. 

Other Third-Party Manufacturers . We outsource board-level graphics product manufacturing to third-party manufacturers. We also outsource board-level and system-level product manufacturing to third-party manufacturers for our SeaMicro dense server and storage products. 

Assembly, Test, Mark and Packaging Facilities 

We own and operate two assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities. Some wafers for our products are delivered from third-party foundries to our assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities. Our assembly, test, mark and packaging facilities are described in the chart set forth below: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START Facility Location &#160; Approximate Manufacturing Area Square Footage &#160; &#160; Activity Penang, Malaysia 

&#160; &#160; 150,000 &#160; &#160; Assembly, Test, Mark &#38; Packaging Suzhou, China 

&#160; &#160; 100,000 &#160; &#160; Assembly, Test, Mark &#38; Packaging ##TABLE_END &#160; 

The remaining wafers for our products are delivered from third-party foundries to our test, assembly and packaging partners located in the Asia-Pacific region who package and test our final semiconductor products. 

Intellectual Property and Licensing 

We rely on contracts and intellectual property rights to protect our products and technologies from unauthorized third-party copying and use. Intellectual property rights include copyrights, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets and maskwork rights. As of December 27, 2014, we had approximately 4,900 patents in the United States and approximately 1,200 patent applications pending in the United States. In certain cases, we have filed corresponding applications in foreign jurisdictions. We expect to file future patent applications in both the United States and abroad on significant inventions, as we deem appropriate. We do not believe that any individual patent, or the expiration of any patent, is or would be material to our business. 

As is typical in the semiconductor industry, we have numerous cross-licensing and technology exchange agreements with other companies under which we both transfer and receive technology and intellectual property rights. One such agreement is the cross license agreement that we entered into with Intel on November 11, 2009. Under the cross license agreement, we granted to Intel and Intel granted to us, non-exclusive, royalty-free licenses to all of each other&#146;s patents that were first filed no later than November 11, 2014 and each party can exploit these patents anywhere in the world for making and selling certain semiconductor- and electronic-related products. Under the cross license agreement, Intel has rights to make semiconductor products for third parties, but the third-party product designs are not licensed as a result of such manufacture. We have rights to perform assembly and testing for third parties but not rights to make semiconductor products for third parties. The term of the cross license agreement continues until the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed patents, unless earlier terminated. A party can terminate the cross license agreement or the rights and licenses of the other party if the other party materially breaches the cross license agreement and does not correct the noticed material breach within 60 days. Upon such termination, the terminated party&#146;s license rights terminate but the terminating party&#146;s license rights continue, subject to that party&#146;s continued compliance with the terms of the cross license agreement. The cross license agreement will automatically terminate if a party undergoes a change of control (as defined in the cross license agreement), and both parties&#146; licenses will terminate. Upon the bankruptcy of a party, that party may assume, but may not assign, the cross license agreement, and in the event that the cross license agreement cannot be assumed, the cross license agreement and the licenses granted will terminate. 

Backlog 

Sales are made primarily pursuant to purchase orders for current delivery or agreements covering purchases over a period of time. Some of these orders or agreements may be revised or canceled without penalty. Generally, in light of current industry practice, we do not believe that such orders or agreements provide meaningful backlog figures or are necessarily indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period. 

Seasonality 

Our operating results tend to vary seasonally. For example, historically, first quarter PC product sales are generally lower than fourth quarter sales. In addition, with respect to our semi-custom SoC products for game consoles, we expect sales patterns to follow the seasonal trends of a consumer business with sales in the first half of the year being lower than sales in the second half of the year. 

Employees 

As of December 27, 2014, we had approximately 9,700 employees. 

Environmental Regulations 

Many aspects of our business operations and products are regulated by domestic and international environmental laws and regulations. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water, 

&#160; 

and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and requirements with respect to treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. If we fail to comply with any applicable environmental regulations, we may be subject to fines, suspension of production, alteration of our manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations and/or criminal and civil liabilities. Existing or future regulations could require us to procure expensive pollution abatement or remediation equipment, to modify product designs or to incur other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Any failure to adequately control the use, disposal, storage or discharge of hazardous substances could expose us to future liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental requirements and do not expect those requirements to result in material expenditures in the foreseeable future. 

Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union (EU) and China are two among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions, may be less favorable compared to products that are not subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may not meet customer road maps, or produce sudden changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. A number of jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of our products being excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us. 

Recent U.S. legislation includes disclosure and reporting requirements for companies who use &#147;conflict&#148; minerals that originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We will likely incur additional costs associated with complying with these requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products, auditing the process and reporting to our customers and the U.S. government. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals. Moreover, we are likely to encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as &#147;conflict free.&#148; If we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor&#146;s products. 

A number of jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of our products being excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us. 

While we have budgeted for foreseeable associated expenditures, we cannot assure you that future environmental legal requirements will not become more stringent or costly in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances will not have a material adverse effect on us. See also, &#147;Item 3-Legal Proceedings-Environmental Matters,&#148; below. 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS ##TABLE_END The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. 

Intel Corporation&#146;s dominance of the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively. 

Intel Corporation has been the market share leader for microprocessors for many years. Intel&#146;s market share, margins and significant financial resources enable it to market its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners with special incentives and to influence customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past and are likely in the future to result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for many of our products and adversely affect our margins and profitability. 

As long as Intel remains in this dominant position, we may be materially adversely affected by Intel&#146;s: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; product mix and introduction schedules; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers and channel partners; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; control over industry standards, PC manufacturers and other PC industry participants, including motherboard, memory, chipset and basic input/output system, or BIOS, suppliers and software companies as well as the graphics interface for Intel platforms; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; marketing and advertising expenditures in support of positioning the Intel brand over the brand of its OEM customers. 

##TABLE_END Intel exerts substantial influence over computer manufacturers and their channels of distribution through various brand and other marketing programs. As a result of Intel&#146;s position in the microprocessor market, Intel has been able to control x86 microprocessor and computer system standards and benchmarks and to dictate the type of products the microprocessor market requires of us. Intel also dominates the computer system platform, which includes core logic chipsets, graphics chips, motherboards and other components necessary to assemble a computer system. Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) that purchase microprocessors for computer systems are highly dependent on Intel, less innovative on their own and, to a large extent, are distributors of Intel technology. Additionally, Intel is able to drive de facto standards and specifications for x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access to such standards. 

Intel has substantially greater financial resources than we do and accordingly spends substantially greater amounts on marketing and research and development than we do. We expect Intel to maintain its market position and to continue to invest heavily in marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products using more advanced process technologies, or introduces competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to Intel&#146;s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. For example, Intel recently introduced microprocessors for low-cost notebooks, similar to products that we offer for low-cost notebooks. 

Intel could also take actions that place our discrete GPUs at a competitive disadvantage, including giving one or more of our competitors in the graphics market, such as Nvidia Corporation, preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful information. 

&#160; 

Intel&#146;s position in the microprocessor market and integrated graphics chipset market, its introduction of competitive new products, its existing relationships with top-tier OEMs and its aggressive marketing and pricing strategies could result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We rely on GF to manufacture most of our microprocessor and APU products and certain of our GPU and semi-custom products. If GF is not able to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted. 

The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited exceptions. If GF is unable to achieve anticipated manufacturing yields, remain competitive using or implementing advanced leading-edge process technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products, manufacture our products on a timely basis at competitive prices or meet our capacity requirements, then we may experience delays in product launches, supply shortages for certain products or increased costs and our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Further, if our requirements are less than the number of wafers that we may commit to purchase from GF, we could have excess inventory or higher inventory unit costs, both of which will adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations. 

We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. If we do not successfully conclude our negotiations, it could have a material adverse impact on our gross margin and our results of operations. 

In addition, GF has relied on Mubadala Technology Investments LLC (Mubadala Tech), formerly known as Advanced Technology Investment Company, for its funding needs. If Mubadala Tech fails to adequately fund GF on a timely basis, or at all, GF&#146;s ability to manufacture products for us could be materially adversely affected. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

We rely on third-party wafer foundries to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We also rely on third-party manufacturers to assemble, test, mark and pack certain of our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. 

We cannot assure you that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. If we experience supply constraints from our third-party manufacturing suppliers, we may be required to allocate the affected products amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from our manufacturing suppliers, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We do not have long-term commitment contracts with some of our third-party manufacturing suppliers. We obtain some of these manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and these manufacturers are not required to provide us with any specified minimum quantity of product beyond the quantities in an existing purchase order. Accordingly, we depend on these suppliers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. The manufacturers we use also fabricate wafers and assemble, test and package products for other companies, including certain of our competitors. They could choose to prioritize capacity for other users, increase the prices that they charge us on short notice or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

&#160; 

Other risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers include limited control over delivery schedules and quality assurance, lack of capacity in periods of excess demand, misappropriation of our intellectual property, dependence on several small undercapitalized subcontractors and limited ability to manage inventory and parts. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffer any damage to facilities, lose benefits under material agreements, experience power outages, lack sufficient capacity to manufacture our products, encounter financial difficulties, are unable to secure necessary raw materials from their suppliers or suffer any other disruption or reduction in efficiency, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions. If we are unable to secure sufficient or reliable supplies of products, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected and this could materially affect our business. 

If we transition the production of some of our products to new manufacturers, we may experience delayed product introductions, lower yields or poorer performance of our products. If we experience problems with product quality or are unable to secure sufficient capacity from a particular third-party manufacturer, or if we for other reasons cease utilizing one of those suppliers, we may be unable to secure an alternative supply for any specific product in a short time frame. We could experience significant delays in the shipment of our products if we are required to find alternative third-party manufacturers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively impact our financial results. 

Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a result of both product design and process technology, which is typically proprietary to the manufacturer, and low yields can result from design failures, process technology failures or a combination of both. Our third-party foundries, including GF, are responsible for the process technologies used to fabricate silicon wafers. If our third-party foundries experience manufacturing inefficiencies or encounter disruptions, errors or difficulties during production, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or experience product delivery delays. We cannot be certain that our third-party foundries will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement leading-edge process technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products profitably or on a timely basis or that our competitors will not develop new technologies, products or processes earlier. Moreover, during periods when foundries are implementing new process technologies, their manufacturing facilities may not be fully productive. A substantial delay in the technology transitions to smaller process technologies could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if our competitors transition to more cost effective technologies before us. Any decrease in manufacturing yields could result in an increase in per unit costs, which would adversely impact our gross margin and/or force us to allocate our reduced product supply amongst our customers, which could harm our relationships with our customers and reputation and materially adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. 

Our success depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. For example, form factors continue to shift from desktop PCs and notebooks to tablets. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing and Graphics revenue has been related to desktop PCs. As consumers adopt new form factors, have new product feature preferences or have different requirements than those consumers in the PC market, PC sales could be negatively impacted, which could negatively impact our business. Currently, a large portion of our business is focused on the consumer PC portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of smaller form factors and increased competition. If we fail to or are delayed in developing, qualifying or shipping new products or 

&#160; 

technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends or if we fail to predict which new form factors consumers will adopt, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose market share and require us to discount the selling prices of our products. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and technologies on a timely basis. 

Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products can also cause us to miss our customers&#146; product design windows or, in some cases, breach contractual obligations or cause us to pay penalties. If our customers do not include our products in the initial design of their computer systems or products, they will typically not use our products in their systems or products until at least the next design configuration. The process of being qualified for inclusion in a customer&#146;s system or product can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which also could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. 

Moreover, market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis. Over the life of a specific product, the sale price is typically reduced over time. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain the overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to introduce new products with sufficiently high sale prices or to increase unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the sale prices of existing products over time, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

If we cannot generate sufficient revenue and operating cash flow or obtain external financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments. 

Our ability to fund research and development expenditures depends on generating sufficient revenue and cash flow from operations and the availability of external financing, if necessary. Our research and development expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. If new competitors, technological advances by existing competitors or other competitive factors require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in our research and development efforts, our operating expenses would increase. If we are required to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in research and development efforts without an increase in revenue, our operating results could decline. 

We regularly assess markets for external financing opportunities, including debt and equity financing. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory terms. The health of the credit markets may adversely impact our ability to obtain financing when needed. Any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as Moody&#146;s or Standard &#38; Poor&#146;s may adversely impact our ability to obtain external financing or the terms of such financing. In addition, credit agency downgrades or concerns regarding our credit worthiness may impact relationships with our suppliers, who may limit our credit lines. Our inability to obtain needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to abandon projects or curtail planned investments in research and development or other strategic initiatives. If we curtail planned investments in research and development or abandon projects, our products may fail to remain competitive and our business would be materially adversely affected. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets. 

We are implementing a business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets, representing the embedded, professional graphics, semi-custom, dense server and ultra low-power client markets. One of the goals of our strategy is to derive approximately 50% of our revenue from high growth adjacent markets by the end of 2015. As part of our business strategy, effective July 1, 2014, we realigned our organizational structure to create a Computing and Graphics segment and an Enterprise, 

&#160; 

Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. However, if demand for products from high growth adjacent markets is below our expectations or if we are not able to improve cost or operational efficiencies of this business model, we may not realize benefits from our business strategy. Despite our efforts, we may not be able to effectively implement our strategy in a timely manner to exploit potential market opportunities, achieve the goals of our business strategy or meet competitive challenges. 

Moreover, our business strategy is dependent on creating products that anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. For example, throughout 2014, we sampled &#147;Seattle,&#148; our first 64-bit ARM server processor and in the second quarter of 2014, we announced a 64-bit ARM architectural license for the development of custom high-performance cores for high-growth adjacent markets. Also in the second quarter of 2014 we announced our third generation mainstream and low powered mobile APUs, formerly codenamed &#147;Mullins&#148; and &#147;Beema,&#148; and we released our new embedded APU, formerly codenamed &#147;Bald Eagle,&#148; which is our first embedded processor to incorporate HSA features. We cannot assure you that our new strategic direction, including our efforts to address markets beyond our core PC market and our efforts to create ARM-based products, will result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. In addition, we may be entering markets where current and new competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets. We may face delays or disruptions in research and development efforts, or we may be required to significantly invest greater resources in research and development than anticipated. 

The completion and impact of the 2014 Restructuring Plan and our transformation initiatives could adversely affect us. 

In October 2014, we implemented a restructuring plan (the 2014 Restructuring Plan) designed to improve operating efficiencies. The 2014 Restructuring Plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of 2014, and an alignment of our real estate footprint with the reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of the first half of 2015. These restructuring actions could have an adverse impact on our business as a result of decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees. We cannot be sure that we will realize operational savings or any other benefits from the 2014 Restructuring Plan. Any operating savings are subject to assumptions, estimates and significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. If these estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we experience delays or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, as a result of the 2014 Restructuring Plan, we recorded a restructuring and impairment charge of $57 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, and we expect to record a restructuring charge of approximately $13 million in 2015, primarily related to real estate actions. We also made cash payments related to the 2014 Restructuring Plan of $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and expect to make cash payments related to the 2014 Restructuring Plan of approximately $34 million in 2015 and approximately $8 million in 2016. 

Global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. 

Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the worldwide economic environment may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to postpone purchases. In addition, during challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. The risk related to our customers&#146; potentially defaulting on or delaying payments to us is increased because we expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of our revenue. Any inability of our current or potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. Moreover, our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, 

&#160; 

thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. In addition, uncertain economic conditions may make it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations or meet our working capital requirements. 

Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt will depend on our financial and operating performance, which may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate cash flow or that we will be able to borrow funds, including under our senior secured asset based line of credit for a principal amount up to $500 million (our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, as amended), in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to meet our working capital requirements. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds to service our debt, we may be required to sell assets or equity, reduce expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt or obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or equity, borrow funds under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit or borrow more funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations. 

Our total debt as of December 27, 2014 was $2.2 billion. Our substantial indebtedness may: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 

##TABLE_END We enter into interest rate swap agreements from time to time to manage our exposure to interest rate risk. These swap agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, the risk that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates and the risk that our exposure to interest rates may increase if interest rates increase. 

The agreements governing our notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

The indentures governing our 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 (7.75% Notes), 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes), 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024 (7.00% Notes) and 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (6.75% Notes) contain various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; incur additional indebtedness; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; make certain investments, including investments in our unrestricted subsidiaries; 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; create or permit certain liens; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; create or permit restrictions on the ability of certain restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; use the proceeds from sales of assets; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety. 

##TABLE_END Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit also contains various covenants which limit our ability to, among other things, make certain investments, merge or consolidate with other entities and permit certain subsidiaries from incurring indebtedness. In addition, during a domestic cash trigger period (a Domestic Cash Trigger Period), which occurs (i) upon an event of default or (ii) when the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in certain accounts is at any time less than $250 million, and ends when both (a) no event of default has existed for 45 days and (b) the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in such accounts has been equal to or greater than $250 million for 45 days, we will become subject to various additional covenants which limit our ability to, among other things: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; allow certain subsidiaries that manufacture or process inventory for us or AMD International Sales &#38; Service, Ltd. (together, the Borrowers) to borrow secured debt or unsecured debt beyond a certain amount; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; create any liens upon any of the Borrowers&#146; property (other than customary permitted liens and liens on up to $1.5 billion of secured credit facilities debt (which amount includes our Secured Revolving Line of Credit)); 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; declare or make any distributions; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; create any encumbrance on the ability of a subsidiary to make any upstream payments; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; make asset dispositions other than certain ordinary course dispositions; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; make certain loans, make payments with respect to subordinated debt or certain borrowed money prior to its due date; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; become a party to certain agreements restricting the Borrowers&#146; ability to incur or repay debt, grant liens, make distributions; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; modify loan agreements or enter into any non-arm&#146;s-length transaction with an affiliate. 

##TABLE_END During a Domestic Cash Trigger Period, we also would be required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio each four-fiscal quarter period ending on and after March 29, 2014. 

The agreements governing our notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. For example, the occurrence of a default with respect to any indebtedness or any failure to repay debt when due in an amount in excess of $50 million would cause a cross default under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes and 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (6.00% Notes), as well as under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit to declare all amounts outstanding under those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable. If the note holders or the trustee under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes or 6.00% Notes or the lenders under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings. 

&#160; 

The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive. 

The markets in which our products are sold are very competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are timely product introductions, product quality (including enabling state-of-the-art visual experience), power consumption (including battery life), reliability, processor clock speed, perfomance, size (or form factor), selling price, cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), level of integration, software and hardware compatibility and stability, brand recognition and availability. 

We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product introductions by our competitors or new competitors of products that may provide better performance/experience or may include additional features that render our products uncompetitive. We may also face aggressive pricing by competitors, especially during challenging economic times. Some competitors may have greater access or rights to companion technologies, including interface, processor and memory technical information. With the introduction of our APU products and other competing solutions, we believe that demand for additional discrete graphic cards may decrease in the future due to both the improvement of the quality of our competitor&#146;s integrated graphics and the graphics performance of our APUs. If competitors introduce competitive new products into the market before us, demand for our products could be adversely impacted and our business could be adversely affected. 

We are implementing a long-term business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to the high-growth adjacent markets. However, we are entering markets with new and different competitors who may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets or superior ability to anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. 

The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Collectively, our top five customers accounted for approximately 61% of our net revenue in 2014. On a segment basis, during 2014, five customers accounted for approximately 54% of the net revenue of our Computing and Graphics segment and five customers accounted for approximately 90% of the net revenue of our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. We expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of revenues of our businesses in the future. If one of our key customers decides to stop buying our products, or if one of these customers materially reduces its operations or its demand for our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

Our receipt of revenue from our semi-custom SoC products is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party products and the success of those products. 

The revenue that we receive from our semi-custom SoC products is in the form of non-recurring engineering fees charged to third parties for design and development services and revenue received in connection with sales of our semi-custom SoC products to these third parties. As a result, our ability to generate revenue from our semi-custom products depends on our ability to secure customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and our semi-custom SoC products being incorporated into those customer&#146;s products. Any revenue from sales of our semi-custom SoC products is directly related to sales of the third-party&#146;s products and reflective of their success in the market. Moreover, we have no control over the marketing efforts of these third parties, and we cannot make any assurances that sales of their products will be successful in current or future years. Consequently, the semi-custom SoC product revenue expected by us may not be fully realized and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

&#160; 

The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

A significant portion of our business is currently dependent upon the market for desktop PCs and notebooks. Form factors continue to shift from desktop PCs and notebooks to tablets. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing and Graphics revenue has been related to desktop PCs. Currently, a large portion of our business is focused on the consumer PC portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of smaller form factors and increased competition. Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. The success of our semi-custom SoC products is dependent on securing customers for our semi-custom design pipeline and consumer market conditions, including the success of the Sony PlayStation &#174; 4 and Microsoft Xbox One game console systems worldwide. 

Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property. 

In the design and development of new products and product enhancements, we rely on third-party intellectual property such as software development tools and hardware testing tools. Furthermore, certain product features may rely on intellectual property acquired from third parties. The design requirements necessary to meet consumer demand for more features and greater functionality from semiconductor products may exceed the capabilities of the third-party intellectual property or development tools available to us. If the third-party intellectual property that we use becomes unavailable, is not available in the time frame or price point needed for our new products or fails to produce designs that meet customer demands, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other computer platform components to support our business. 

We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other components that our customers utilize to support our microprocessor, GPU and APU offerings. We also rely on AIBs to support our GPU and APU products. In addition, our microprocessors are not designed to function with motherboards and chipsets designed to work with Intel microprocessors. If the designers, manufacturers, AIBs and suppliers of motherboards and other components decrease their support for our product offerings, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

If we lose Microsoft Corporation&#146;s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to innovate beyond the x86 instruction set controlled by Intel depends partially on Microsoft designing and developing its operating systems to run on or support our x86-based microprocessor products. With respect to our graphics products, we depend in part on Microsoft to design and develop its operating system to run on or support our graphics products. Similarly, the success of our products in the market, such as our APU products, is dependent on independent software providers designing and developing software to run on our products. If Microsoft does not continue to design and develop its operating systems so that they work with our x86 instruction sets or does not continue to develop and maintain their operating systems to support our graphics products, independent software providers may forego designing their software applications to take advantage of our innovations and customers may not purchase PCs with our products. In addition, some software drivers sold with our products are certified by Microsoft. If Microsoft did not certify a driver, or if we otherwise fail to retain the support of Microsoft or other software vendors, our ability to market our products would be materially adversely affected. 

&#160; 

We may incur future impairments of goodwill. 

We perform our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each year. Based on the annual goodwill impairment analysis that we conducted during the fourth quarter of 2014, we concluded that the carrying amount of goodwill assigned to our Computing and Graphics reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, and accordingly, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $233 million, which represented the entire goodwill balance within this reporting unit. Subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment analysis, we monitor for any events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in business climate or operating results, changes in management&#146;s business strategy, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace, an inability to successfully achieve internal forecasts or significant declines in our stock price, which may represent an indicator of goodwill impairment. The occurrence of any of these events may require us to record goodwill impairment charges in the future. 

Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us. 

We typically sell our products pursuant to individual purchase orders. We generally do not have long-term supply arrangements with our customers or minimum purchase requirements except that orders generally must be for standard pack quantities. Generally, our customers may cancel orders for standard products more than 30 days prior to shipment without incurring significant fees. We base our inventory levels in part on customers&#146; estimates of demand for their products, which may not accurately predict the quantity or type of our products that our customers will want in the future or ultimately end up purchasing. Our ability to forecast demand is even further complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the downstream channel. 

PC and consumer markets are characterized by short product lifecycles, which can lead to rapid obsolescence and price erosion. In addition, our customers may change their inventory practices on short notice for any reason. We may build inventories during periods of anticipated growth, and the cancellation or deferral of product orders or overproduction due to failure of anticipated orders to materialize, could result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory and an adverse effect on gross margins. 

Factors that may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of the value of our inventory, a reduction in the average selling price or a reduction in our gross margin include: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; a sudden or significant decrease in demand for our products; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; a production or design defect in our products; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; a failure to accurately estimate customer demand for our products, including for our older products as our new products are introduced; or 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; our competitors taking aggressive pricing actions. 

##TABLE_END Because market conditions are uncertain, these and other factors could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our reliance on third-party distributors and AIB partners subjects us to certain risks. 

We market and sell our products directly and through third-party distributors and AIB partners pursuant to agreements that can generally be terminated for convenience by either party upon prior notice to the other party. These agreements are non-exclusive and permit both our distributors and AIBs to offer our competitors&#146; products. We are dependent on our distributors and AIBs to supplement our direct marketing and sales efforts. If 

&#160; 

any significant distributor or AIB or a substantial number of our distributors or AIBs terminated their relationship with us, decided to market our competitors&#146; products over our products or decided not to market our products at all, our ability to bring our products to market would be impacted and we would be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and AIB partners or offer the appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Additionally, distributors and AIBs typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions, as well as provide return rights for any product that we have removed from our price book and that is not more than 12 months older than the manufacturing code date. Some agreements with our distributors also contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. Our agreements with AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We defer the gross margins on our sales to distributors and AIBs, resulting from both our deferral of revenue and related product costs, until the applicable products are re-sold by the distributors or the AIBs. However, in the event of a significant decline in the price of our products, the price protection rights we offer would materially adversely affect us because our revenue and corresponding gross margin would decline. 

Our inability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our product development programs. 

Much of our future success depends upon the continued service of numerous qualified engineering, marketing, sales and executive personnel. If we are not able to continue to attract, train and retain qualified personnel necessary for our business, the progress of our product development programs could be hindered, and we could be materially adversely affected. To help attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, we use share-based incentive awards such as employee stock options and non-vested share units (restricted stock units). If the value of such stock awards does not appreciate as measured by the performance of the price of our common stock, or if our share-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a valuable benefit, our ability to attract, retain and motivate personnel could be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. In addition, our current and any future restructuring plans may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain key employees. 

In the event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, which would result in a default under the indentures and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. 

Upon a change of control, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes and 6.75% Notes then outstanding at 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the repurchase date, and to offer to repurchase all of our 6.00% Notes then outstanding at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding the repurchase date. In addition, a change of control would be an event of default under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. As of December 27, 2014, $130 million debt was outstanding under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit and $2.07 billion was outstanding under our notes. Future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. We may not have the financial resources to repurchase our outstanding notes and prepay all of our outstanding obligations under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous 

&#160; 

new product introductions, price erosion and declines in general economic conditions. We have incurred substantial losses in recent downturns, due to: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; substantial declines in average selling prices; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; the cyclical nature of supply/demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; a decline in demand for end-user products (such as PCs) that incorporate our products; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; excess inventory levels. 

##TABLE_END Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future. Currently, a large portion of our business is focused on the consumer PC portions of the market, which has experienced a decline driven by the adoption of smaller form factors and increased competition. 

Global economic uncertainty and weakness have also impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases, which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. 

The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth adjacent emerging global markets. Our ability to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. 

We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. As such, our information systems will continually evolve and adapt in order to meet our business needs. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial demands on management time. 

These changes may also require changes in our information systems, modification of internal control procedures and significant training of employees and third-party resources. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. There can be no assurance that our business and operations will not experience any disruption in connection with this transition. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. 

In addition, as our IT environment continues to evolve, we are embracing new ways of communicating and sharing data internally and externally with customers and partners using methods such as mobility and the cloud that can promote business efficiency. However, these practices can also result in a more distributed IT environment, making it more difficult for us to maintain visibility and control over internal and external users, and meet scalability and administrative requirements. If our security controls cannot keep pace with the speed of these changes, or if we are not able to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

&#160; 

Data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we maintain sensitive data on our networks, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our business and reputation. We believe that companies have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access. These threats can come from a variety of sources, all ranging in sophistication from an individual hacker to a state-sponsored attack. Cyber threats may be generic, or they may be custom-crafted against our information systems. Over the past year, cyber-attacks have become more prevalent and much harder to detect and defend against. Our network and storage applications may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. It is often difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage caused by such incidents. These data breaches and any unauthorized access or disclosure of our information or intellectual property could compromise our intellectual property and expose sensitive business information. Cyber-attacks could also cause us to incur significant remediation costs, result in product development delays, disrupt key business operations and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. These incidents could also subject us to liability, expose us to significant expense and cause significant harm to our reputation and business. 

Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. 

A substantial portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenues for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating results tend to vary seasonally. For example, historically, first quarter PC product sales are generally lower than fourth quarter sales. In addition, with respect to our semi-custom SoC products for game consoles, we expect sales patterns to follow the seasonal trends of a consumer business with sales in the first half of the year being lower than sales in the second half of the year. Many of the factors that create and affect quarterly and seasonal trends are beyond our control. 

If essential equipment or materials are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected. 

We purchase equipment and materials for our internal back-end manufacturing operations from a number of suppliers and our operations depend upon obtaining deliveries of adequate supplies of equipment and materials on a timely basis. Our third-party suppliers also depend on the same timely delivery of adequate quantities of equipment and materials in the manufacture of our products. Certain equipment and materials that are used in the manufacture of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers, or in some cases, a sole supplier. We also depend on a limited number of suppliers to provide the majority of certain types of integrated circuit packages for our microprocessors, including our APU products. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, printed circuit boards (PCBs), substrates and capacitors used in the manufacture of our products are currently available from only a limited number of sources. Because some of the equipment and materials that we and our third-party manufacturing suppliers purchase are complex, it is sometimes difficult to substitute one supplier for another. 

From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Also, some of these materials and components may be subject to rapid changes in price and availability. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. Dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers exacerbates these risks. If we are unable to procure certain of these materials for our back-end manufacturing operations, or our third-party foundries or manufacturing suppliers are unable to procure materials for manufacturing our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

&#160; 

If our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we could be materially adversely affected. 

Our products may not be fully compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware. Further, we may be unsuccessful in correcting any such compatibility problems in a timely manner. If our customers are unable to achieve compatibility with software or hardware, we could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the mere announcement of an incompatibility problem relating to our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Products as complex as those we offer may contain defects or failures when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements to existing products are released. We cannot assure you that, despite our testing procedures, errors will not be found in new products or releases after commencement of commercial shipments in the future, which could result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, material recall and replacement costs, delay in recognition or loss of revenues, writing down the inventory of defective products, the diversion of the attention of our engineering personnel from product development efforts, defending against litigation related to defective products or related property damage or personal injury and damage to our reputation in the industry and could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. In addition, we may have difficulty identifying the end customers of the defective products in the field. As a result, we could incur substantial costs to implement modifications to correct defects. Any of these problems could materially adversely affect our business. 

We could be subject to potential product liability claims if one of our products causes, or merely appears to have caused, an injury. Claims may be made by consumers or others selling our products, and we may be subject to claims against us even if an alleged injury is due to the actions of others. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment of our products. As we continue to grow our business, expand to high-growth adjacent markets, acquire new customers and strengthen relationships with existing customers, the efficiency of our supply chain will become increasingly important because many of our customers tend to have specific requirements for particular products, and specific time-frames in which they require delivery of these products. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services. 

We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, to our manufacturing suppliers and to our customers. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to 

&#160; 

our customers could be materially adversely affected. Also, we cannot guarantee that our contracts with these third-party providers will be renewed, in which case we would have to transition these functions in- house or secure new providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business if the transition is not executed appropriately. 

Acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price of, our common stock. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may pursue growth through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions or technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. Moreover, if such acquisitions require us to seek additional debt or equity financing, we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us or at all. Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to assimilate and integrate effectively or efficiently the acquired business, technologies, solutions, assets, personnel or operations, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us. Acquisitions may also involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience. Consequently, we may not achieve anticipated benefits of the acquisitions which could harm our operating results. In addition, to complete an acquisition, we may issue equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders&#146; ownership and could adversely affect the price of our common stock, as well as incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions may also reduce our cash available for operations and other uses, which could harm our business. 

Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We maintain operations around the world, including in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. We rely on third-party wafer foundries in Europe and Asia. Nearly all product assembly and final testing of our products is performed at manufacturing facilities, operated by us as well as third-party manufacturing facilities, in China, Malaysia and Taiwan. We also have international sales operations. International sales, as a percent of net revenue, were 81% in 2014. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. 

The political, legal and economic risks associated with our operations in foreign countries include, without limitation: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; expropriation; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; changes in a specific country&#146;s or region&#146;s political or economic conditions; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; changes in tax laws, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; difficulties in protecting our intellectual property; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; restrictions on transfers of funds and other assets of our subsidiaries between jurisdictions; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; changes in freight and interest rates; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; disruption in air transportation between the United States and our overseas facilities; 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to international operations, including export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

##TABLE_END &#160; 

In addition, our worldwide operations (or those of our business partners) could be subject to natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons and volcanic eruptions that disrupt manufacturing or other operations. For example, our Sunnyvale operations are located near major earthquake fault lines in California. Any conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health issues (for example, an outbreak of a contagious disease such as Avian Influenza, measles or Ebola), safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents or general economic or political factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any of the above risks, should they occur, could result in an increase in the cost of components, production delays, general business interruptions, delays from difficulties in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Worldwide political conditions may adversely affect demand for our products. 

Worldwide political conditions may create uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. The United States has been and may continue to be involved in armed conflicts that could have a further impact on our sales and our supply chain. The consequences of armed conflict, political instability or civil or military unrest are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on us. Terrorist attacks or other hostile acts may negatively affect our operations, or adversely affect demand for our products, and such attacks or related armed conflicts may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore, these attacks or hostile acts may make travel and the transportation of our products more difficult and more expensive, which could materially adversely affect us. Any of these events could cause consumer spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the United States economy and worldwide financial markets. 

Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect us. 

We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies. As a consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our short-term foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local currency can cause increases or decreases in the cost of our products in the local currency of such customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency could reduce sales of our products. 

Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We market and sell our products directly to OEMs and through authorized third-party distributors. From time to time, our products are diverted from our authorized distribution channels and are sold on the &#147;gray market.&#148; Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impact our margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in customer satisfaction issues because any time products are purchased outside our authorized distribution channels there is a risk that our customers are buying counterfeit or substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or are used products represented as new. 

&#160; 

If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. 

We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or rights granted there under may not provide a competitive advantage to us. 

Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the United States and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected. 

We are party to litigation and may become a party to other claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products. 

From time to time, we are a defendant or plaintiff in various legal actions. For example, on January 15, 2014 and March 20, 2014, complaints were filed against us seeking damages for alleged securities law violations, which are described in Note 16 of our consolidated financial statements. We also sell products to consumers, which could increase our exposure to consumer actions such as product liability claims. On occasion, we receive claims that individuals were allegedly exposed to substances used in our former semiconductor wafer manufacturing facilities and that this alleged exposure caused harm. Litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and its outcome is uncertain. Any claim that is successfully asserted against us, including claims in the January 15, 2014 and March 20, 2014 complaints filed against us, may result in the payment of damages that could be material to our business. 

With respect to intellectual property litigation, from time to time, we have been notified of, or third parties may bring or have brought, actions against us and/or against our customers based on allegations that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others, contributing to or inducing the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, improperly claiming ownership of intellectual property or otherwise improperly using the intellectual property of others. If any such claims are asserted, we may seek to obtain a license under the third parties&#146; intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. These parties may file lawsuits against us or our customers seeking damages (potentially up to and including treble damages) or an injunction against the sale of products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted, which could result in our having to stop the sale of some of our products or to increase the costs of selling some of our products or which could damage our reputation. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or all of our products could have a material adverse effect on us. We could decide, in the alternative, to redesign our products or to resort to litigation to challenge such claims. Such challenges could be extremely expensive and time-consuming regardless of their merit, could cause delays in product release or shipment and/or could have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot assure you that litigation related to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others can always be avoided or successfully concluded. 

Even if we were to prevail, any litigation could be costly and time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

&#160; 

A variety of environmental laws that we are subject to could result in additional costs and liabilities. 

Our operations and properties have in the past and continue to be subject to various United States and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to materials used in our products and manufacturing processes, discharge of pollutants into the environment, the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and remediation of contamination. These laws and regulations require us to obtain permits for our operations, including the discharge of air pollutants and wastewater. Although our management systems are designed to maintain compliance, we cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with any of them, a range of consequences could result, including fines, suspension of production, alteration of manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of exposure to hazardous materials used, stored, released, disposed of by us or located at, under or emanating from our facilities or other environmental or natural resource damage. While we have budgeted for foreseeable associated expenditures, we cannot assure you that future environmental legal requirements will not become more stringent or costly in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past and future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

Certain environmental laws, including the U.S. Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or the Superfund Act, impose strict or, under certain circumstances, joint and several liability on current and previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances and impose liability for damages to natural resources. These laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. These environmental laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. Such persons can be responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the contaminated facility. We have been named as a responsible party at three Superfund sites in Sunnyvale, California. Although we have not yet been, we could be named a potentially responsible party at other Superfund or contaminated sites in the future. In addition, contamination that has not yet been identified could exist at our other facilities. 

Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union (EU) and China are two among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic products. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions, may be less favorable compared to products that are not subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may not meet customer roadmaps, or produce sudden changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. A number of jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China are developing or have finalized market entry or public procurement regulations for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specifications as well as additional energy consumption limits. There is the potential for certain of our products being excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us. 

Recent U.S. legislation includes disclosure and reporting requirements for companies who use &#147;conflict&#148; minerals that originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries. We will likely incur additional costs associated with complying with these requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products, auditing the process and reporting to our customers and the U.S. government. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals. Moreover, we are likely to encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as &#147;conflict free.&#148; If we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor&#146;s products. 

&#160; 

Higher health care costs and labor costs could adversely affect our business. 

With the passage in 2010 of the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA), we are required to provide affordable coverage, as defined in the ACA, to all employees, or otherwise be subject to a payment per employee based on the affordability criteria in the ACA. Many of these requirements will be phased in over a period of time, with the majority of the most impactful provisions affecting us presently anticipated to begin in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Additionally, some states and localities have passed state and local laws mandating the provision of certain levels of health benefits by some employers. Increased health care and insurance costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in federal or state workplace regulations could adversely affect our ability to meet our financial targets. 

Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States, Canada and other foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the final determination of any tax audits and litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash, income tax provision and net income in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

&#160;

##TABLE_START 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ##TABLE_END The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements as of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2014 and related notes, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including &#147;Part I, Item 1: Business,&#148; &#147;Part II, Item 6: Selected Financial Data&#148; and &#147;Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.&#148; 

Introduction 

We are a global semiconductor company with facilities worldwide. Within the global semiconductor industry, we offer primarily: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; (i) x86 microprocessors, as standalone devices or as incorporated as an accelerated processing unit (APU), chipsets, discrete graphics processing units (GPUs) and professional graphics; and ##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; (ii) server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoC) products and technology for game consoles. ##TABLE_END In this MD&#38;A, we will describe the results of operations and the financial condition for us and our consolidated subsidiaries, including a discussion of our results of operations for 2014 compared to 2013 and 2013 compared to 2012, an analysis of changes in our financial condition and a discussion of our contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements. 

Overview 

Net revenue for 2014 was $5.5 billion, an increase of 4% compared to 2013 net revenue of $5.3 billion. The increase in net revenue from 2013 was due to a 51% increase in Embedded, Enterprise and Semi-Custom segment revenue, primarily due to higher semi-custom SoC sales. The annual increase in Embedded, Enterprise and Semi-Custom segment net revenue was offset by a 16% decrease in Computing and Graphics segment net revenue. The annual decrease in the Computing and Graphics segment was primarily due to lower desktop processor and chipset sales. While we believe the pace of the decline in the PC market is slowing, our annual Computing and Graphics segment results reflect the ongoing challenges of a competitive consumer PC market. 

During 2014, as part of our strategy to transform our business to attain approximately 50% of our revenue from high-growth adjacent markets by the end of 2015, we continued to focus on introducing a more diverse product portfolio. By the end of 2014, we derived approximately 40% of our annual revenues from high-growth markets. In the second quarter of 2014, we announced our ambidextrous computing roadmap to develop custom high-performance ARM and x86 processor cores for 2016. At the same time, we publicly demonstrated the AMD Opteron&#153; A1100 Series, our first 64-bit ARM-based server processor based on 28 nanometer (nm) technology. During 2014, we continued to experience strong demand for our AMD semi-custom SoCs that are found in Sony PlayStation &#174; 4 and Microsoft Xbox One. We also launched a number of new embedded products during 2014, including the second-generation AMD Embedded R-series APU and CPU, the new x86 AMD Embedded G-Series SoC, the AMD Embedded G-Series CPU and the AMD Embedded Radeon&#153; E8860 GPU. We also continued to develop and introduce differentiated products in 2014. We expanded our notebook APU offerings in 2014 with the introduction of the AMD 2014 Performance Mobile APU designed for ultrathin and high-performance mobile PCs, the AMD Pro A-Series APU for commercial PCs and the third-generation AMD mainstream and low-powered mobile APU designed for commercial and consumer mobile devices. We also launched a number of graphics products in 2014, including the AMD Radeon&#153; R9 295X2 and AMD Radeon&#153; R9 285 designed for performance gaming. 

In 2014, we made progress in improving our balance sheet by re-profiling our debt maturity schedule. During 2014, we repurchased $487 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (6.00% Notes), reducing the outstanding aggregate principal amount to $42 million. We repurchased 

&#160; 

$500 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Senior Notes due 2017 (8.125% Notes). We also repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 (7.75% Notes) in open market transactions, and $25 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes). The repurchases of the 7.75% Notes and 7.50% Notes were funded with our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. To assist us in financing these note repurchases, during 2014, we issued $500 million of 7.00% Senior Notes due 2024 (7.00% Notes) and $600 million of 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (6.75% Notes). Total debt as of the end December 27, 2014 was $2.2 billion compared to $2.1 billion as of December 28, 2013. Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 27, 2014 were $1.0 billion compared to $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2013. 

GLOBALFOUNDRIES 

Formation and Accounting 

On March 2, 2009, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement among us, Advanced Technology Investment Company LLC (currently known as Mubadala Technology Investments LLC (Mubadala Tech)) and West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH), pursuant to which we formed GF. In connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Master Transaction Agreement, AMD, Mubadala Tech and GF entered into a Wafer Supply Agreement (the WSA), a Funding Agreement (the Funding Agreement) and a Shareholders&#146; Agreement (the Shareholders&#146; Agreement) on March 2, 2009. 

At GF&#146;s formation on March 2, 2009 and through December 26, 2009, GF was deemed a variable-interest entity, and we were deemed to be GF&#146;s primary beneficiary. Accordingly, we consolidated GF under applicable accounting rules. As a result of certain GF governance changes, we deconsolidated GF and accounted for our GF ownership under the equity method of accounting as of December 27, 2009. Following the deconsolidation, GF became our related party. 

In the first quarter of 2011, as a result of a contribution to GF by an affiliate of Mubadala Tech and certain GF governance changes noted above, our ownership in GF was diluted, and we concluded that we no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over GF. Accordingly, we changed our accounting for our investment in GF from the equity method to the cost method of accounting and recognized a dilution gain in investee of approximately $492 million. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we identified indicators of impairment in GF that were deemed other than temporary. We performed a valuation analysis and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $209 million. The carrying value of our remaining investment in GF after the impairment charge was $278 million as of December 31, 2011. 

On March 4, 2012, as partial consideration for certain rights received under a second amendment to the WSA, we transferred to GF all of the remaining capital stock of GF that we owned. In addition, as of March 4, 2012, the Funding Agreement was terminated, and we were no longer party to the Shareholders&#146; Agreement. As a result of these transactions, we no longer owned any GF capital stock as of March 4, 2012. 

GF continues to be a related party of us because Mubadala Development Company PJSC (Mubadala) and Mubadala Tech are affiliated with WCH, our largest stockholder. WCH and Mubadala Tech are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Mubadala. 

Wafer Supply Agreement 

The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited exceptions. If we acquire a third-party business that manufactures microprocessor and APU products, we will have up to two years to transition the manufacture of such microprocessor and APU products to GF. 

&#160; 

The WSA terminates no later than March 2, 2024. GF has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist us to transition the supply of products to another provider and to continue to fulfill purchase orders for up to two years following the termination or expiration of the WSA. During the transition period, pricing for microprocessor and APU products will remain as set forth in the WSA, but our purchase commitments to GF will no longer apply. 

On April 2, 2011, we entered into a first amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the first amendment was to change the pricing methodology applicable to wafers delivered in 2011 for our microprocessors and APU products. The first amendment also modified our existing commitments regarding the production of certain GPU and chipset products at GF. 

On March 4, 2012, we entered into a second amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the second amendment was to modify certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us during 2012. Under the terms of the second amendment to the WSA, GF granted us rights to contract with another wafer foundry supplier with respect to specified 28nm products for a specified period of time (the limited waiver of exclusivity). In consideration for the limited waiver of exclusivity, we recorded a charge of $703 million in the first quarter of 2012 consisting of a $425 million cash payment and a $278 million non-cash charge representing the transfer to GF of our remaining investment in GF at fair value. 

On December 6, 2012, we entered into a third amendment to the WSA. Pursuant to the third amendment, we modified our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 made pursuant to the second amendment to the WSA. In addition, we agreed to certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor and APU products, to be delivered by GF to us from the fourth quarter of 2012 through December 31, 2013. Pursuant to the third amendment, GF agreed to waive a portion of our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012. In consideration for this waiver, we agreed to pay GF a fee of $320 million. As a result, we recorded a lower of cost or market charge of $273 million for the write-down of inventory to its market value in the fourth quarter of 2012. The cash impact of this $320 million fee was paid over several quarters, with $80 million paid on December 28, 2012, $40 million paid on April 1, 2013 and $200 million paid on December 31, 2013. 

On March 30, 2014, we entered into a fourth amendment to the WSA. The primary effect of the fourth amendment was to establish volume purchase commitments and fixed pricing for the 2014 calendar year as well as to modify certain other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for some of our microprocessor, graphics processor and semi-custom game console products to be delivered by GF to us during the 2014 calendar year. 

We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. 

Our total purchases from GF related to wafer manufacturing and research and development activities for 2014, 2013 and 2012 were $1.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to our revenue, inventories, goodwill impairments and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Although actual results have historically been reasonably consistent with management&#146;s expectations, the actual results may differ from these estimates or our estimates may be affected by different assumptions or conditions. 

&#160; 

Management believes the following critical accounting estimates are the most significant to the presentation of our financial statements and require the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 

Revenue Allowances. We record a provision for estimated sales returns and allowances on product sales for estimated future price reductions and other customer incentives in the same period that the related revenues are recorded. We base these estimates on actual historical sales returns, historical allowances, historical price reductions, market activity and other known or anticipated trends and factors. These estimates are subject to management&#146;s judgment and actual provisions could be different from our estimates and current provisions, resulting in future adjustments to our revenue and operating results. 

Inventory Valuation. At each balance sheet date, we evaluate our ending inventories for excess quantities and obsolescence based on projected sales outlook. This evaluation includes analysis of historical sales levels by product and projections of future demand. These projections assist us in determining the carrying value of our inventory. In addition, we write off inventories that we consider obsolete. We adjust the remaining specific inventory balances to approximate the lower of our standard manufacturing cost or market value. Among other factors, management considers forecasted demand in relation to the inventory on hand, competitiveness of product offerings, market conditions and product life cycles when determining obsolescence and market value. If, in any period, we anticipate future demand or market conditions to be less favorable than our previous estimates, additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of sales in the period the revision is made. This would have a negative impact on our gross margin in that period. If in any period we are able to sell inventories that were not valued or that had been written down in a previous period, related revenues would be recorded without any offsetting charge to cost of sales, resulting in a net benefit to our gross margin in that period. 

Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but rather is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if there are indicators of impairment present. 

We perform an annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each year. We evaluate whether goodwill has been impaired at the reporting unit level by first determining whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value and, if so, by determining whether the implied fair value of goodwill within the reporting unit is less than the carrying value. The implied fair value of a reporting unit is determined through the application of one or more valuation models common to our industry, including the income, market and cost approaches. While market valuation data for comparable companies is gathered and analyzed, we believe that there has not been sufficient comparability between the peer groups and the specific reporting units to allow for the derivation of reliable indications of value using a market approach. Therefore, we have ultimately employed the income approach which requires estimates of present value of estimated future cash flows. Cash flow projections are based on management&#146;s estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry and market condition. The key assumptions we have used to determine the fair value of our reporting units includes projected cash flows for the next 10 years and discount rates ranging from 13% to 19% from 2012 to 2014. The discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit&#146;s ability to execute on the projected cash flows. A variance in the discount rate could have a significant impact on the amount of the goodwill impairment charge recorded, if any. 

Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions and the determination of appropriate comparable publicly-traded companies. In addition, we make certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to individual reporting units to determine the carrying amount of each reporting unit. 

&#160; 

For the annual goodwill impairment analysis in 2014, we determined that the carrying value of the Computing and Graphics reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value and accordingly an impairment charge of $233 million was recorded, which represented the entire goodwill balance within this reporting unit. The remaining two reporting units&#146; estimated fair values exceeded their carrying value, ranging from approximately 156% to approximately 209%. In estimating the fair value of our reporting units, we took into consideration the challenging industry and market trends that existed as of September 28, 2014, the date of the annual goodwill impairment test for each respective reporting unit. 

Based on the results of our annual analysis of goodwill in 2013 and 2012, each reporting unit&#146;s fair value exceeded its carrying value, indicating that there was no goodwill impairment. 

Estimates of fair value for all or our reporting units can be affected by a variety of external and internal factors. Potential events or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the key assumptions we used in estimating the fair value of our reporting units include adverse changes in our industry, increased competition, an inability to successfully introduce new products in the marketplace or to achieve internal forecasts, and a decline in our stock price. If the estimated fair value of our reporting units declines due to any of these factors, we may be required to record future goodwill impairment. 

Income Taxes. In determining taxable income for financial statement reporting purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments are applied in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the recognition of assets and liabilities for tax and financial statement reporting purposes. 

We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we must increase our charge to income tax expense, in the form of a valuation allowance, for the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. We consider past performance, future expected taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance. 

In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authority. If our estimates of these taxes are greater or less than actual results, an additional tax benefit or charge will result. We recognize the interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and income tax expense, respectively. 

Results of Operations 

Management, including the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses our operating performance using segment net revenue and operating income (loss) before interest, other income (expense), net, and income taxes. These performance measures include the allocation of expenses to the operating segments based on management&#146;s judgment. In connection with our continued strategic transformation, effective July 1, 2014, we realigned our organizational structure. As a result of this organizational change, we have the following two reportable segments: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; the Computing and Graphics segment, which primarily includes desktop and notebook processors and chipsets, discrete GPUs and professional graphics; and 

##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#149; &#160; the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, which primarily includes server and embedded processors, dense servers, semi-custom SoC products, engineering services and royalties. 

##TABLE_END Effective October 8, 2014, Dr. Lisa T. Su became our Chief Executive Officer, succeeding Rory P. Read. This management change did not result in a change in our reportable segments or to the fact that the Chief Operating Decision Maker is our Chief Executive Officer. 

&#160; 

In addition to these reportable segments, we have an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment. This category primarily includes certain expenses and credits that are not allocated to any of the reportable segments because management does not consider these expenses and credits in evaluating the performance of the reportable segments. Also included in this category are amortization of acquired intangible assets, employee stock-based compensation expense, net restructuring and other special charges, workforce rebalancing severance charges, goodwill impairment charge, significant or unusual lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, loss on debt repurchases, a charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF and a net gain from licenses and settlement agreements regarding patent-related matters. We also reported the results of former businesses in the All Other category because the operating results were not material. In addition, during 2014, we reclassified $273 million of lower of cost or market inventory adjustment previously recorded in Computing and Graphics segment in 2012 to All Other category to conform with the current year&#146;s presentation. 

We intend the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist you in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, the primary factors that resulted in those changes and how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our financial statements. 

We use a 52 or 53 week fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. The years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 each included 52 weeks. References in this report to 2014, 2013 and 2012 refer to the fiscal year unless explicitly stated otherwise. 

The following table provides a summary of net revenue and operating income (loss) by segment and income (loss) before income taxes for 2014, 2013 and 2012. The prior period results have been recast to reflect our new reportable segments. 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; 2014 &#160; &#160; 2013 &#160; &#160; 2012 &#160; &#160; &#160; (In millions) &#160; Net revenue: 

&#160; &#160; &#160; Computing and Graphics 

&#160; $ 3,132 &#160; &#160; $ 3,720 &#160; &#160; $ 4,724 &#160; Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 

&#160; &#160; 2,374 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1,577 &#160; &#160; &#160; 698 &#160; All Other 

&#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 2 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Total net revenue 

&#160; $ 5,506 &#160; &#160; $ 5,299 &#160; &#160; $ 5,422 &#160; Operating income (loss): 

&#160; &#160; &#160; Computing and Graphics 

&#160; $ (76 ) &#160; $ (101 ) &#160; $ 129 &#160; Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 

&#160; &#160; 399 &#160; &#160; &#160; 295 &#160; &#160; &#160; 18 &#160; All Other 

&#160; &#160; (478 ) &#160; &#160; (91 ) &#160; &#160; (1,203 ) Total operating income (loss) 

&#160; $ (155 ) &#160; $ 103 &#160; &#160; $ (1,056 ) Interest income 

&#160; &#160; 3 &#160; &#160; &#160; 5 &#160; &#160; &#160; 8 &#160; Interest expense 

&#160; &#160; (177 ) &#160; &#160; (177 ) &#160; &#160; (175 ) Other income (expense), net 

&#160; &#160; (69 ) &#160; &#160; (5 ) &#160; &#160; 6 &#160; Loss before income taxes 

&#160; $ (398 ) &#160; $ (74 ) &#160; $ (1,217 ) ##TABLE_END Computing and Graphics 

Computing and Graphics net revenue of $3.1 billion in 2014 decreased by 16% compared to $3.7 billion in 2013 as a result of a 27% decrease in unit shipments, partially offset by a 15% increase in average selling price. The decrease in unit shipments was primarily attributable to lower unit shipments of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipsets due to challenging consumer PC market conditions and our chipsets being integrated into our APU products. The increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to an increase in average selling price of our microprocessor products due to improved product mix of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs. 

&#160; 

Computing and Graphics net revenue of $3.7 billion in 2013 decreased by 21% compared to $4.7 billion in 2012 as a result of a 23% decrease in unit shipments and a 2% increase in average selling price. The decrease in unit shipments was primarily attributable to lower unit shipments of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs, chipset products and GPU products. The increase in average selling price was primarily attributable to an increase in average selling price of our GPU products, partially offset by a decrease in average selling price of our microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipset products. Unit shipments and average selling price for microprocessor products for desktop and notebook PCs and chipset products decreased primarily due to challenging market conditions and the increasing popularity of tablets as a consumer device of choice, which resulted in decreased demand for our products. 

Computing and Graphics operating loss was $76 million in 2014 compared to an operating loss of $101 million in 2013. The improvement in operating results was primarily due to a $323 million decrease in cost of sales, a $201 million decrease in research and development expenses and a $89 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the decrease in net revenue referenced above. Cost of sales decreased primarily due to lower unit shipments in 2014 compared to 2013. Operating loss in 2014 included a $19 million benefit from technology licensing revenue. In addition, operating loss in 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that had been previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012, as compared to a similar $8 million benefit in 2014. Research and development expenses and marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under &#147;Expenses,&#148; below. 

Computing and Graphics operating loss was $101 million in 2013 compared to an operating income of $129 million in 2012. The decline in operating results was primarily due to the decrease in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $582 million decrease in cost of sales, a $154 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses and a $37 million decrease in research and development expenses. Cost of sales decreased primarily due to lower unit shipments in 2013 compared to 2012 as well as the absence of the inventory write-down of approximately $100 million during the third quarter of 2012 as a result of lower than anticipated future demand for certain products, mainly first generation A-Series APU products, codenamed &#147;Llano&#148;. In addition, operating loss for 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that had been previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012. Marketing, general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under &#147;Expenses,&#148; below. 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom net revenue of $2.4 billion in 2014 increased by 51% compared to net revenue of $1.6 billion in 2013. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net revenue received in connection with higher unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013. 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom net revenue of $1.6 billion in 2013 increased by 126% compared to net revenue of $0.7 billion in 2012. The increase was primarily due to net revenue received in connection with sales of our semi-custom SoC products, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013, partially offset by a decrease in net revenue from server products. Net revenue from sales of server products decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to lower unit shipments, as well as lower average selling price due to challenging market conditions, which adversely impacted demand. 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom operating income was $399 million in 2014 compared to $295 million in 2013. The improvement in operating results was primarily due to the increase in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $614 million increase in cost of sales, a $64 million increase in research and development expenses and a $15 million increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to an increase in unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products in 2014 compared to 2013. In addition, operating income in 2014 included an $8 million benefit from technology license revenue. Research and development expenses and marketing, general and administrative expenses increased for the reasons set forth under &#147;Expenses&#148; below. 

&#160; 

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom operating income was $295 million in 2013 compared to $18 million in 2012. The improvement in operating results was primarily due to the increase in net revenue referenced above, partially offset by a $702 million increase in cost of sales and a $12 million increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a $112 million decrease in research and development expenses. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to the commencement of unit shipments of our semi-custom SoC products in the second quarter of 2013. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased and research and development expenses decreased for the reasons set forth under &#147;Expenses&#148; below. 

All Other 

All Other revenue pertains to results from former businesses, which were immaterial in 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

All Other operating loss of $478 million in 2014 included a goodwill impairment charge of $233 million, stock-based compensation expense of $81 million, net restructuring and other special charges of $71 million, lower of cost or market inventory adjustment of $58 million, $14 million related to workforce rebalancing severance charges, $14 million related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and $7 million related to other expenses. 

All Other operating loss of $91 million in 2013 included stock-based compensation expense of $91 million, net restructuring and other special charges of $30 million and $18 million related to amortization of acquired intangible assets. During the fourth quarter of 2013, we entered into licenses and settlements regarding patent-related matters, for which we received in aggregate $48 million in net cash, which we recorded as an offset to operating expenses. 

All Other operating loss of $1.2 billion in 2012 included a $703 million charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF, lower of cost or market inventory adjustment of $273 million related to the fee for GF&#146;s waiver of a portion of our obligations, $100 million of net restructuring charges, stock-based compensation expense of $97 million, $14 million related to amortization of acquired intangible assets and $6 million related to our acquisition of SeaMicro, Inc. (SeaMicro) in 2012. 

Comparison of Gross Margin, Expenses, Interest Income, Interest Expense, Other Income (Expense), Net and Income Taxes 

The following is a summary of certain consolidated statement of operations data for 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; 2014 &#160; &#160; 2013 &#160; &#160; 2012 &#160; &#160; &#160; (In millions, except for percentages) &#160; Cost of sales 

&#160; $ 3,667 &#160; &#160; $ 3,321 &#160; &#160; $ 4,187 &#160; Gross margin 

&#160; &#160; 1,839 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1,978 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1,235 &#160; Gross margin percentage 

&#160; &#160; 33 % &#160; &#160; 37 % &#160; &#160; 23 % Research and development 

&#160; &#160; 1,072 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1,201 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1,354 &#160; Marketing, general and administrative 

&#160; &#160; 604 &#160; &#160; &#160; 674 &#160; &#160; &#160; 823 &#160; Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

&#160; &#160; 14 &#160; &#160; &#160; 18 &#160; &#160; &#160; 14 &#160; Restructuring and other special charges, net 

&#160; &#160; 71 &#160; &#160; &#160; 30 &#160; &#160; &#160; 100 &#160; Goodwill impairment charge 

&#160; &#160; 233 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Legal settlements, net 

&#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; (48 ) &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Interest income 

&#160; &#160; 3 &#160; &#160; &#160; 5 &#160; &#160; &#160; 8 &#160; Interest expense 

&#160; &#160; (177 ) &#160; &#160; (177 ) &#160; &#160; (175 ) Other income (expense), net 

&#160; &#160; (69 ) &#160; &#160; (5 ) &#160; &#160; 6 &#160; Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

&#160; $ 5 &#160; &#160; $ 9 &#160; &#160; $ (34 ) ##TABLE_END &#160; 

Gross Margin 

Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 33% in 2014 compared to 37% in 2013. Gross margin in 2014 included a $58 million lower of cost or market inventory adjustment, which accounted for one gross margin percentage point, and a $27 million benefit from technology licensing revenue, which accounted for less than one gross margin percentage point. Gross margin in 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of inventory that was previously reserved in the third quarter of 2012, which accounted for one gross margin percentage point as compared to $8 million in 2014 which had a less than one percentage point impact. Gross margin in 2014 was adversely impacted by lower average gross margins in our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment driven by increased sales of lower margin semi-custom SoC products. 

Gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 37% in 2013 compared to 23% in 2012. Gross margin in 2012 included a $703 million charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF, a lower of cost or market charge of $273 million and a $5 million charge recorded to cost of sales related to a legal settlement. Absent the effect of these charges, which we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, our gross margin would have been 41% in 2012 compared to 37% in 2013. Gross margin in 2013 was adversely impacted by the lower average gross margins in our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment primarily driven by lower margin semi-custom SoC products, which we began shipping in the second quarter of 2013. Gross margin in 2012 was adversely impacted by an inventory write-down of $100 million during the third quarter of 2012 as a result of lower than anticipated future demand for certain products, mainly first generation A-Series APU products, codenamed &#147;Llano,&#148; which accounted for two gross margin percentage points. Gross margin in 2013 included a $57 million benefit from sales of this previously reserved inventory, which accounted for one gross margin percentage point. 

Expenses 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses of $1.1 billion in 2014 decreased by $129 million, or 11%, compared to $1.2 billion in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to a $201 million decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment, partially offset by a $64 million increase in research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment and a $9 million increase in the All Other category related to a workforce rebalancing severance charge recorded in the first quarter of 2014. Research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $171 million decrease in product engineering and design costs, a $22 million decrease in other employee compensation and benefit expenses and a $10 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses. Research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, where we expect to continue to increase our investment, increased primarily due to a $59 million increase in product engineering and design costs and a $3 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expenses. 

Research and development expenses of $1.2 billion in 2013 decreased by $153 million, or 11%, compared to $1.4 billion in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a $112 million decrease in research and development expense attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, a $37 million decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment and a $4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense recorded in the All Other category. Research and development expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment decreased as a result of a $103 million decrease in product engineering costs and a $9 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses. The decrease in research and development expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment was primarily due to a $38 million decrease in product engineering costs and a $35 million decrease in manufacturing process technology expenses, partially offset by a $34 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expenses. 

&#160; 

Marketing, General and Administrative Expenses 

Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $604 million in 2014 decreased by $70 million, or 10%, compared to $674 million in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to an $89 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment, partially offset by a $15 million increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment and a $5 million increase in the All Other category related to a workforce rebalancing severance charge recorded in the first quarter of 2014. Marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $61 million decrease in sales and marketing activities and a $25 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses. Marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment increased primarily due to an $8 million increase in sales and marketing activities and a $5 million increase in other general and administrative expenses. 

Marketing, general and administrative expenses of $674 million in 2013 decreased by $149 million, or 18%, compared to $823 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a $154 million decrease in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment and a $6 million decrease in the All Other category due to the absence of SeaMicro acquisition-related costs recorded in 2012, partially offset by a $12 million increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Computing and Graphics segment decreased primarily due to a $93 million decrease in sales and marketing activities and a $72 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a $10 million increase in other employee compensation and benefit expense. Marketing, general and administrative expenses attributable to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Solutions segment increased primarily due to a $33 million increase in other general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a $20 million decrease in sales and marketing activities. 

Legal Settlements 

During the fourth quarter of 2013, we entered into licenses and settlement agreements regarding patent-related matters for which we received in aggregate $48 million in net cash, which we recorded as an offset to operating expenses. At the time we entered into the agreements, we did not have any future obligations that we were required to perform in order to earn the settlement payments. Accordingly, we recognized the entire settlement amount in our operating results for the fourth quarter of 2013. 

Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets was $14 million in 2014, $18 million in 2013 and $14 million in 2012. The decrease from 2013 to 2014 was due to the reduced amortization base amount of acquired intangible assets of ATI. The increase from 2012 to 2013 was due to amortization of the intangible assets of SeaMicro, which we acquired in 2012. 

Restructuring and Other Special Charges, Net 

Effects of Restructuring Plans 

2014 Restructuring Plan 

In October 2014, we implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve operating efficiencies. The plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of 2014, and an alignment of our real estate footprint with the reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of first half of 2015. We recorded a $57 million restructuring charge in the fourth quarter of 2014, which consisted of $44 million for severance and costs related to the continuation of certain employee benefits, $6 million for contract or program termination costs, $1 million for facilities related costs and $6 million for asset impairments, 

&#160; 

a non-cash charge. In accordance with the restructuring plan, we expect to record a restructuring charge of approximately $13 million in 2015, primarily related to real estate actions. We made cash payments of $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and expect to make cash payments of $34 million and $8 million in 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

2012 Restructuring Plan 

In the fourth quarter of 2012, we implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve our cost structure and to strengthen our competitiveness in core growth areas. The plan primarily involved a workforce reduction of approximately 14% as well as asset impairments and facility consolidations. We recorded restructuring expense in the fourth quarter of 2012 of approximately $90 million, which was primarily comprised of employee severance. The non-cash portion of the restructuring expense included approximately $4 million of asset impairments. In 2014 and 2013, we incurred costs of $3 million and $11 million, respectively, related to facility consolidation and site closures, which were partially offset by the release of estimated employee-related severance costs of $5 million and $2 million, respectively. The 2012 restructuring plan was largely completed as of the end of the third quarter of 2013. 

2011 Restructuring Plan 

In 2012, we recorded an approximately $8 million for severance and costs related to certain employee benefits. The 2011 restructuring plan was completed as of the end of the first quarter of 2012. 

The following table provides a summary of the restructuring activities during 2014 and 2013 and the remaining related liabilities recorded in &#147;Accrued and other current liabilities&#148; and &#147;Other long-term liabilities&#148; on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2014: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; Severance and related benefits &#160; &#160; Other exit 

Related 

Costs 

&#160; &#160; Total &#160; &#160; &#160; (In millions) &#160; Balance at December 29, 2012 

&#160; $ 41 &#160; &#160; $ 17 &#160; &#160; $ 58 &#160; Charges (reversals), net 

&#160; &#160; (5 ) &#160; &#160; 11 &#160; &#160; &#160; 6 &#160; Cash payments 

&#160; &#160; (33 ) &#160; &#160; (21 ) &#160; &#160; (54 ) Balance at December 28, 2013 

&#160; &#160; 3 &#160; &#160; &#160; 7 &#160; &#160; &#160; 10 &#160; Charges (reversals), net 

&#160; &#160; 42 &#160; &#160; &#160; 16 &#160; &#160; &#160; 58 &#160; Cash payments 

&#160; &#160; (19 ) &#160; &#160; (4 ) &#160; &#160; (23 ) Non-cash charges 

&#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; (6 ) &#160; &#160; (6 ) Balance at December 27, 2014 

&#160; $ 26 &#160; &#160; $ 13 &#160; &#160; $ 39 &#160; ##TABLE_END The following table provides a summary of each major type of cost associated with the 2014, 2012 and 2011 restructuring plans for the periods presented: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; 2014 &#160; &#160; 2013 &#160; &#160; 2012 &#160; &#160; &#160; (In millions) &#160; Severance and benefits charges (reversals), net 

&#160; $ 42 &#160; &#160; $ (5 ) &#160; $ 95 &#160; Contract or program termination charges 

&#160; &#160; 6 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Asset impairments 

&#160; &#160; 6 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 4 &#160; Facility consolidation and closure charges 

&#160; &#160; 4 &#160; &#160; &#160; 11 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; Total 

&#160; $ 58 &#160; &#160; $ 6 &#160; &#160; $ 100 &#160; ##TABLE_END &#160; 

Sale and Leaseback Transactions 

In September 2013, we sold a light industrial building in Singapore and leased back a portion of the original space. We received net cash proceeds of $46 million in connection with the sale, which resulted in a $17 million gain that we recorded in the third quarter of 2013 and a deferred gain of $14 million (as of September 28, 2013) that is being amortized over the initial operating lease term. The initial operating lease term expires in September 2023 and provides for options to extend the operating lease for 4 years at the end of the initial lease term and for an additional 3.5 years thereafter. 

In September 2013, we also sold an office building in Austin, Texas. We received net cash proceeds of $10 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $5 million gain in the third quarter of 2013. 

In March 2013, we sold and leased back certain land and office buildings in Austin, Texas. We received net cash proceeds of $164 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $52 million charge in the first quarter of 2013. The operating lease expires in March 2025 and provides for one 10-year optional renewal. 

In March 2013, we also sold an office building in Markham, Ontario, Canada and leased back a portion of the original space through June 2013. We received net cash proceeds of $13 million in connection with the sale and recorded a $6 million gain in the first quarter of 2013. 

The net charge of $24 million recognized in 2013 related to the real estate transactions described above is recorded in the &#147;Restructuring and other special charges, net&#148; line item on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Executive Officer Separation 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, we recorded other special charges of $13 million. The amount primarily included $10 million due to the departure of our former CEO, of which $5 million was related to cash and $5 million was related to stock-based compensation expenses. The amount is recorded as &#147;Restructuring and other special charges, net&#148; on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was $3 million in 2014 compared to $5 million in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in average investments in marketable securities and a decrease in the weighted-average interest rate during 2014. 

Interest income was $5 million in 2013 compared to $8 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in average investments in marketable securities during 2013. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense of $177 million in 2014 was relatively flat as compared to $177 million in 2013 and $175 million in 2012. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other expense, net, in 2014 was $69 million compared to $5 million of other expense, net, in 2013 and $6 million of other income, net, in 2012. 

In 2014, we recognized $69 million of other expense, net, primarily due to a $61 million loss from debt repurchases and a $7 million loss from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

&#160; 

In 2013, we recognized $5 million of other expense, net, primarily due to a $2 million loss from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a $2 million realized loss on sale of our auction rate securities (ARS) investments. 

In 2012, we recognized $6 million of other income, net, primarily due to other income recorded in the third quarter of 2012, partially offset by a $5 million loss from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and a $4 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to one of our ARS investments. 

Income Taxes 

We recorded an income tax provision of $5 million and $9 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and an income tax benefit of $34 million in 2012. 

The income tax provision in 2014 was primarily due to $7 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations, offset by $2 million of tax benefits for Canadian tax credits and the monetization of certain US tax credits. 

The income tax provision in 2013 was primarily due to $9 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations and $3 million related to the reversal of previously recognized tax benefits associated with other comprehensive income, offset by $3 million of tax benefits for Canadian tax credits and the monetization of certain U.S. tax credits. 

The income tax benefit in 2012 was primarily due to a tax benefit of $36 million relating to our SeaMicro acquisition, a $1 million tax benefit for the tax effects of items credited directly to other comprehensive income, a $2 million tax benefit for Canadian tax credits and a $9 million tax benefit associated with the successful negotiation of a tax holiday in a foreign jurisdiction net of $14 million of foreign taxes in profitable locations. 

As of December 27, 2014, substantially all of our U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, continued to be subject to a valuation allowance. The realization of these assets is dependent on substantial future taxable income which, at December 27, 2014, in management&#146;s estimate, is not more likely than not to be achieved. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

Stock-based compensation expense related to employee stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units for the years ended December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 was allocated in our consolidated statements of operations as follows: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; 2014 &#160; &#160; 2013 &#160; &#160; 2012 &#160; &#160; &#160; (In millions) &#160; Cost of sales 

&#160; $ 3 &#160; &#160; $ 5 &#160; &#160; $ 8 &#160; Research and development 

&#160; &#160; 44 &#160; &#160; &#160; 48 &#160; &#160; &#160; 52 &#160; Marketing, general and administrative 

&#160; &#160; 34 &#160; &#160; &#160; 38 &#160; &#160; &#160; 37 &#160; Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax of $0 

&#160; $ 81 &#160; &#160; $ 91 &#160; &#160; $ 97 &#160; ##TABLE_END During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not realize any excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and therefore we did not record any effects relating to financing cash flows. 

Stock-based compensation expense of $81 million in 2014 decreased by $10 million as compared to $91 million in 2013. The decrease was primarily due to lower expense related to stock options and restricted stock granted in connection with our SeaMicro acquisition as most were becoming fully vested during 2014 and lower stock compensation expense as a result of our 2014 restructuring plan. 

&#160; 

Stock-based compensation expenses of $91 million in 2013 decreased $6 million compared to $97 million in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a lower weighted average grant date fair value and lower stock compensation expense as a result of our 2012 restructuring plan, partially offset by the additional expense related to stock options and restricted stock granted in connection with our SeaMicro acquisition. 

As of December 27, 2014, we had $16 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock options that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.08 years. Also, as of December 27, 2014, we had $98 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to restricted stock and restricted stock units including performance-based restricted stock units that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.75 years. 

International Sales 

International sales as a percentage of net revenue were 81% in 2014, 85% in 2013 and 92% in 2012. The decrease in international sales as a percentage of net revenue in 2014 compared 2013 and 2012 was primarily driven by an increase in net revenue from domestic sales of our semi-custom SoC products. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. Substantially all of our sales transactions were denominated in U.S. dollars. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Liquidity 

As of December 27, 2014, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $1.0 billion were lower compared to $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the final $200 million cash payment made in the first quarter of 2014 related to GF&#146;s waiver of a portion of our obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 and the timing of sales and related collections. During 2014, we also used $95 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment. Also, during 2014, we reclassified $45 million of our marketable securities that were previously classified as long-term to short-term as those were intended to be used for operations in the next twelve months. The percentage of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held domestically was 89% as of December 27, 2014. 

Our debt and capital lease obligations as of December 27, 2014 were $2.2 billion as compared to $2.1 billion as of December 28, 2013. During 2014, we issued $600 million of 6.75% Notes, $500 million of 7.00% Notes, and received $75 million net proceeds from our Secured Revolving Line of Credit borrowings. 

During 2014, we repurchased and redeemed $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.125% Notes for $531 million in cash. As of the end of December 27, 2014, we did not have any 8.125% Notes outstanding. Also in 2014, we repurchased $487 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes for $529 million in cash, $50 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Notes for $48 million in cash, and $25 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Notes for $24 million in cash. The repurchases of the 7.75% Notes and 7.50% Notes were funded with our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. 

In the fourth quarter of 2014, we announced a restructuring plan to implement operating efficiencies. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance along with the savings from our restructuring plan and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures, over the next twelve months. We believe that in the event we decide to obtain external funding, we may be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. 

Over the longer term, should additional funding be required, such as to meet payment obligations of our long-term debt when due, we may need to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities, which may be issued from time to time under an effective registration statement, 

&#160; 

through the issuance of securities in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or a combination of one or more of the foregoing. Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business. If market conditions deteriorate, we may be limited in our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs on favorable terms or at all, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our ability to refinance maturing liabilities. 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was $98 million in 2014. A net loss of $403 million in 2014 was primarily adjusted for $233 million of goodwill impairment charge, $203 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $81 million of stock-based compensation expenses, $61 million net loss on debt redemptions, $17 million of non-cash interest expenses primarily related to amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes, amortization of debt issuance costs and a software and technology license and $14 million non-cash net restructuring and other special charges. The net changes in operating assets as of December 27, 2014 compared to December 28, 2013 included a decrease in inventories of $199 million, largely driven by the lower of cost or market inventory adjustment and lower levels of inventory for our Computing and Graphics and semi-custom SoC products, a decrease in accounts receivable of $7 million, which was primarily due to timing of sales and collections, an increase in prepayments to GF of $113 million and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of $7 million. Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other decreased by $231 million in 2014 as compared to 2013, primarily due to a $104 million decrease in accounts payable driven by timing of purchases and payments, a $73 million decrease in deferred income on shipments to our distributor customers and a $47 million decrease in accrued compensation and benefits. During 2014, our payables to GF, which included all amounts we owe to GF, decreased by $146 million as compared to 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the final $200 million payment to GF made in the first quarter of 2014 related to GF&#146;s waiver of a portion of our obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable to GF due to timing of payments. 

Net cash used in operating activities was $148 million in 2013. A net loss of $83 million in 2013 was primarily adjusted for $236 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $91 million of stock-based compensation expenses, $31 million net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and $25 million of non-cash interest expenses primarily related to amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes and amortization of debt issuance costs. The net changes in operating assets as of December 28, 2013 compared to December 29, 2012 included an increase in inventories of $322 million, largely driven by an increase in Computing and Graphics inventory as well as semi-custom SoC products due to our customers&#146; next generation game console ramps, an increase in accounts receivable of $200 million, which was primarily due to higher sales during the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, an increase in other assets of $92 million, primarily due to new software licenses and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $11 million. Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities increased by $266 million in 2013 as compared to 2012, primarily due to a $241 million increase in accounts payable driven by larger purchases of inventory to support higher sales during the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, a $36 million increase in deferred income on shipments to our distributor customers, and a $28 million increase in accrued compensation and benefits, partially offset by a $39 million decrease in other liabilities, primarily due to a decrease in restructuring accruals and payments for technology licenses. During 2013, our payables to GF, which included all amounts we owe to GF, decreased by $89 million as compared to 2012. The decrease was primarily due to payments of $175 million related to GF&#146;s limited waiver of exclusivity and $40 million related to GF&#146;s waiver of a portion of our obligations for wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by an increase of $126 million of payables related to wafer purchases. 

Net cash used in operating activities was $338 million in 2012. A net loss of $1.2 billion in 2012 was adjusted for non-cash charges consisting primarily of a $278 million charge related to the limited waiver of exclusivity from GF, $260 million of depreciation and amortization expense, $97 million of stock-based compensation expense and $23 million of non-cash interest expense related to our 6.00% Notes and 8.125% Notes. These charges were partially offset by a benefit of $40 million for deferred income taxes. The net changes 

&#160; 

in operating assets as of December 29, 2012 compared to December 31, 2011 included a decrease in accounts receivable of $290 million and an increase in inventories of $83 million, which were primarily due to lower sales during 2012. During 2012, our payable to GF, which included all amounts that we owe to GF, increased by $277 million as compared to 2011. The increase was due to cash obligations of $240 million related to the third amendment to the WSA and $175 million related to the limited waiver of exclusivity, partially offset by a decrease of $138 million in the amount of billings related to wafer purchases. Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other decreased by $232 million in 2012 as compared to 2011, primarily due to a $94 million decrease in accrued liabilities, a $92 million decrease in accounts payable and other current liabilities, a $23 million decrease in other liabilities, a $15 million decrease in deferred income on shipments to distributors and a $6 million decrease in accrued compensation and benefits. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was $12 million in 2014, which consisted of a cash outflow of $95 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment, offset by a net cash inflow of $83 million from purchases, sales and maturities of available for sale securities. 

Net cash provided by investing activities was $455 million in 2013 and primarily consisted of net proceeds of $301 million from the purchase, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities and net proceeds of $154 million from sales and purchases of property, plant and equipment. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $19 million in 2012. We had a net cash inflow of $404 million in 2012 from purchases, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by a net cash outflow of $281 million related to our SeaMicro acquisition, a cash outflow of $133 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment and a cash outflow of $9 million related to other investing activities. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $46 million in 2014, primarily due to net proceeds from borrowings pursuant to our 6.75% Notes of $589 million, our 7.00% Notes of $491 million and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit of $75 million, partially offset by $518 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 6.00% Notes, $522 million in payments to repurchase our 8.125% Notes, $48 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 7.75% Notes, $24 million in payments to repurchase a portion of our 7.50% Notes and $3 million in payments for capital lease obligations. During 2014, we also received $8 million in net proceeds, primarily from U.S. government grants for research and development activities and $4 million from the exercise of employee stock options. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $13 million in 2013, primarily due to net proceeds from borrowings pursuant to our Secured Revolving Line of Credit of $55 million, net proceeds from U.S. government grants for research and development activities and foreign grants from the Canadian government for research and development activities related to our AMD APU products of $11 million and $3 million from the issuance of common stock under our stock-based compensation plan, partially offset by the repurchase of $50 million in principal amount of our 6.00% Notes (which is a portion of our outstanding 6.00% Notes) in open market transactions and $5 million in payments for capital lease obligations. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was $37 million in 2012, primarily due to net proceeds from the issuance of our 7.50% Notes of $491 million, $23 million from foreign grants from the Canadian government for research and development activities related to our AMD APU products and from the Malaysian and Chinese governments for our local microprocessor assembly, test and packaging facilities and $14 million from the issuance of common stock under our stock-based compensation plan, partially offset by our repayment of outstanding principal and accrued interest on our 5.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2012 and repayment of capital lease obligations of $489 million. 

&#160; 

During 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not realize any excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. Therefore, we did not record any effects relating to financing cash flows for these periods. 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table summarizes our consolidated principal contractual cash obligations, as of December 27, 2014, and is supplemented by the discussion following the table: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; Payment due by period &#160; (In millions) &#160; Total &#160; &#160; 2015 &#160; &#160; 2016 &#160; &#160; 2017 &#160; &#160; 2018 &#160; &#160; 2019 &#160; &#160; 2020 and thereafter &#160; 6.00% Notes 

&#160; $ 42 &#160; &#160; $ 42 &#160; &#160; $ &#151; &#160; &#160; $ &#151; &#160; &#160; $ &#151; &#160; &#160; $ &#151; &#160; &#160; $ &#151; &#160; 6.75% Notes 

&#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 600 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; 7.75% Notes 

&#160; &#160; 450 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 450 &#160; 7.50% Notes 

&#160; &#160; 475 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 475 &#160; 7.00% Notes 

&#160; &#160; 500 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 500 &#160; Secured Revolving Line of Credit 

&#160; &#160; 130 &#160; &#160; &#160; 130 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Other long-term liabilities 

&#160; &#160; 68 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 35 &#160; &#160; &#160; 31 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; Aggregate interest obligation (1) 

&#160; &#160; 1,037 &#160; &#160; &#160; 150 &#160; &#160; &#160; 148 &#160; &#160; &#160; 148 &#160; &#160; &#160; 148 &#160; &#160; &#160; 126 &#160; &#160; &#160; 317 &#160; Capital lease obligations (2) 

&#160; &#160; 12 &#160; &#160; &#160; 5 &#160; &#160; &#160; 6 &#160; &#160; &#160; 1 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Operating leases 

&#160; &#160; 340 &#160; &#160; &#160; 50 &#160; &#160; &#160; 46 &#160; &#160; &#160; 43 &#160; &#160; &#160; 41 &#160; &#160; &#160; 27 &#160; &#160; &#160; 133 &#160; Purchase obligations (3) 

&#160; &#160; 688 &#160; &#160; &#160; 542 &#160; &#160; &#160; 50 &#160; &#160; &#160; 71 &#160; &#160; &#160; 25 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Obligations to GF (4) 

&#160; &#160; 80 &#160; &#160; &#160; 80 &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#151; &#160; Total contractual obligations 

&#160; $ 4,422 &#160; &#160; $ 999 &#160; &#160; $ 285 &#160; &#160; $ 294 &#160; &#160; $ 215 &#160; &#160; $ 753 &#160; &#160; $ 1,876 &#160; ##TABLE_END &#160;

##TABLE_START (1) Represents estimated aggregate interest obligations for our outstanding debt obligations that are payable in cash, excluding capital lease obligations. Also excludes non-cash amortization of debt discounts on our 6.00% Notes and amortization of debt issuance costs. 

##TABLE_END ##TABLE_START (2) Includes principal and imputed interest. 

##TABLE_END ##TABLE_START (3) We have purchase obligations for goods and services where payments are based, in part, on the volume or type of services we acquire. In those cases, we only included the minimum volume of purchase obligations in the table above. Purchase orders for goods and services that are cancelable upon notice and without significant penalties are not included in the amounts above. In addition we have obligations for software technology and licenses where payments are fixed and non-cancelable which are also included in the table above. 

##TABLE_END ##TABLE_START (4) Represents our payment obligations to GF as of the end of our fiscal year for wafer receipts and research and development activities. We negotiate our purchase commitments with GF on an annual basis and as such we cannot meaningfully quantify or estimate our future payment obligations to GF. We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. 

##TABLE_END 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 

On April 27, 2007, we issued $2.2 billion aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes. Our 6.00% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year beginning November 1, 2007 until the maturity date of May 1, 2015. The terms of our 6.00% Notes are governed by an indenture dated April 27, 2007, by and between us and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. 

During the first quarter of 2014, we repurchased $64 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes in open market transactions for $69 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $1 million. Also, during 2014, we repurchased a portion of our 6.00% Notes through a partial tender offer. We repurchased $423 million aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes for $460 million in cash, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $10 million. We incurred a total loss of $10 million in connection with the foregoing repurchases of our 6.00% Notes. 

&#160; 

In 2013, we repurchased $50 million in aggregate principal amount of our 6.00% Notes in open market transactions for $53 million. As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount and remaining carrying value of our 6.00% Notes were $42 million. The remaining $42 million of aggregate principal amount of 6.00% Notes has been reclassified as short-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 27, 2014 due May 2015. 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 6.00% Notes. 

8.125% Senior Notes Due 2017 

On November 30, 2009, we issued $500 million of our 8.125% Notes at a discount of 10.204%. 

During 2014, we repurchased and redeemed the entire $500 million in aggregate principal amount of our 8.125% Notes for $531 million, which included payment of accrued and unpaid interest of $8 million. We incurred a total loss of $54 million in connection with the foregoing repurchase and redemption of the 8.125% Notes. As of December 27, 2014, we did not have any 8.125% Notes outstanding. 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 8.125% Notes. 

6.75% Senior Notes Due 2019 

On February 26, 2014, we issued $600 million of our 6.75% Notes. Our 6.75% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on March 1 and September 1 of each year beginning September 1, 2014 until the maturity date of March 1, 2019. Our 6.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 6.75% Indenture) dated February 26, 2014 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 

At any time before March 1, 2019, we may redeem some or all of our 6.75% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a &#147;make whole&#148; premium (as set forth in the 6.75% Indenture). 

As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 6.75% Notes was $600 million, and we reported $600 million of the 6.75% Notes on our consolidated balance sheets. 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 6.75% Notes. 

7.75% Senior Notes Due 2020 

On August 4, 2010, we issued $500 million of our 7.75% Notes. Our 7.75% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning February 1, 2011 until the maturity date of August 1, 2020. Our 7.75% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated August 4, 2010 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. 

Starting August 1, 2015, we may redeem our 7.75% Notes for cash at the following specified prices plus accrued and unpaid interest: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START Period &#160; Price as 

Percentage of 

Principal Amount 

&#160; Beginning on August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2016 

&#160; &#160; 103.875 % Beginning on August 1, 2016 through July 31, 2017 

&#160; &#160; 102.583 % Beginning on August 1, 2017 through July 31, 2018 

&#160; &#160; 101.292 % On August 1, 2018 and thereafter 

&#160; &#160; 100.000 % ##TABLE_END &#160; 

As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.75% Notes was $450 million. 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 7.75% Notes. 

7.50% Senior Notes Due 2022 

On August 15, 2012, we issued $500 million of our 7.50% Notes. Our 7.50% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year beginning February 15, 2013 until the maturity date of August 15, 2022. The 7.50% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture dated August 15, 2012 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee. 

At any time (which may be more than once) before August 15, 2015, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Notes within 90 days of the closing of an equity offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price equal to 107.5% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. At any time before August 15, 2022, we may redeem some or all of our 7.50% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a &#147;make whole&#148; premium (as set forth in the 7.50% Indenture). 

As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.50% Notes was $475 million. 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 7.50% Notes. 

7.00% Senior Notes Due 2024 

On June 16, 2014, we issued $500 million of 7.00% Notes. The 7.00% Notes are our general unsecured senior obligations. Interest is payable on January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning January 1, 2015 until the maturity date of July 1, 2024. The 7.00% Notes are governed by the terms of an indenture (the 7.00% Indenture) dated June 16, 2014 between us and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. 

At any time before July 1, 2017, we may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% Notes within 90 days of the closing of an equity offering with the net proceeds thereof at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. Prior to July 1, 2019, we may redeem some or all of the 7.00% Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a &#147;make whole&#148; premium (as set forth in the 7.00% Indenture). 

Starting July 1, 2019, we may redeem our 7.00% Notes for cash at the following specified prices plus accrued and unpaid interest: 

&#160;

##TABLE_START Period &#160; Price as 

Percentage of 

Principal Amount 

&#160; Beginning on July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020 

&#160; &#160; 103.500 % Beginning on July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 

&#160; &#160; 102.333 % Beginning on July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 

&#160; &#160; 101.167 % On July 1, 2022 and thereafter 

&#160; &#160; 100.000 % ##TABLE_END As of December 27, 2014, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 7.00% Notes was $500 million. 

&#160; 

See Note 10 of &#147;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; below, for additional information regarding our 7.00% Notes. 

Potential Repurchase of Outstanding Notes 

We may elect to purchase or otherwise retire our 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 7.00% Notes with cash, stock or other assets from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, either directly or through intermediaries, or by tender offer when we believe the market conditions are favorable to do so. 

Secured Revolving Line of Credit 

We and our subsidiary, AMD International Sales &#38; Service, Ltd. (together, the Borrowers), entered into a loan and security agreement on November 12, 2013, as amended on December 11, 2014 (the Loan Agreement) for our Secured Revolving Line of Credit for a principal amount of up to $500 million, with up to $75 million available for issuance of letters of credit, with a group of lenders and Bank of America, N.A., acting as agent for the lenders (the Agent). Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit matures on November 12, 2018. Borrowings under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit are limited to up to 85% of eligible account receivable minus certain reserves and may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs. 

The Borrowers can elect that the borrowings under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit may bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (a) London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.75%, or (b) (i) the greater of (x) the Agent&#146;s prime rate, (y) the federal funds rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 0.50%, and (z) LIBOR for a one-month period plus 1.00%, plus (ii) an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.75%. The applicable margin to be applied to the borrowings under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit is dependent on the Borrowers achieving a certain fixed charge coverage ratio. Our Secured Revolving Line of Credit may be optionally prepaid or terminated or unutilized commitments may be reduced, in each case at any time without premium or penalty. In connection with our Secured Revolving Line of Credit, the Borrowers are required to pay an unused line fee equal to 0.50% per annum, payable monthly on the unused amount of the commitments under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit. The unused line fee decreases to 0.375% per annum when more than 50% of our Secured Revolving Line of Credit is utilized. The Borrowers will pay (i) a monthly fee on all letters of credit outstanding under our Secured Revolving Line of Credit equal to the applicable LIBOR margin and (ii) a fronting fee to the Agent equal to 0.125% of all such letters of credit, payable monthly in arrears. 

The obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority basis in the Borrowers&#146; account receivable, inventory and certain deposit accounts and specified related assets. 

The Loan Agreement contains covenants that place certain restrictions on the Borrowers&#146; ability to, among other things, amend or modify certain terms of any debt of $50 million or more or subordinated debt, create or suffer to exist any liens upon accounts or inventory, sell or transfer any of Borrowers&#146; accounts or inventory other than certain ordinary-course transfers, make certain changes to either Borrower&#146;s name or form or state of organization without notifying the Agent, or liquidate, dissolve, merge, combine or consolidate. Further restrictions apply during a domestic cash trigger period (a Domestic Cash Trigger Period), which occurs (i) upon an event of default or (ii) when the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in certain accounts is at any time less than $250 million, and ends when both (a) no event of default has existed for 45 days and (b) the amount of domestic cash or cash equivalents held in such accounts has been equal to or greater than $250 million for 45 days. Such restrictions limit the Borrowers&#146; ability to, among other things, allow certain subsidiaries that manufacture or process inventory for the Borrowers to borrow secured debt or unsecured debt beyond a certain amount, create any liens upon any of the Borrowers&#146; property (other than customary permitted liens and liens on up to $1.5 billion of secured credit facilities debt (which amount includes our Secured Revolving Line of Credit)), declare or make any distributions, create any encumbrance on the ability of a subsidiary to make any 

&#160; 

upstream payments, make asset dispositions other than certain ordinary course dispositions, make certain loans, make payments with respect to subordinated debt or certain borrowed money prior to its due date, become a party to certain agreements restricting the Borrowers&#146; ability to incur or repay debt, grant liens, make distributions, or modify loan agreements or enter into any non-arm&#146;s-length transaction with an affiliate. 

During a Domestic Cash Trigger Period, the Borrowers are subject to financial covenants requirement and are required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1:1 for each trailing four-fiscal quarter period ending on and after March 29, 2014. 

At December 27, 2014, the Secured Revolving Line of Credit had an outstanding loan balance of $130 million, with an interest rate of 4.25%, $6 million related to outstanding Letters of Credit, and up to $364 million available for future borrowings. As of December 27, 2014, we were in compliance with all required covenants stated in the Loan Agreement. 

The agreements governing our 6.00% Notes, 6.75% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes, 7.00% Notes and our Secured Revolving Line of Credit contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement would likely result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under the Secured Revolving Line of Credit to declare all amounts outstanding under those borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable. 

Other Long-Term Liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above primarily consisted of $67 million of payments due under certain software and technology licenses that will be paid through 2018. 

Other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above exclude amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheet that do not require us to make cash payments, which, as of December 27, 2014, primarily consisted of $17 million of deferred gains resulting from certain real estate transactions that occurred in Sunnyvale, California in 1998, in Markham, Ontario, Canada in 2008 and in Singapore in 2013. Deferred rent related to our facilities in Sunnyvale, California of $7 million and accruals related to facility consolidation and site closure costs under our 2012 restructuring plan of $6 million are excluded from other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above as they are included in the operating leases obligations. Also excluded from other long-term liabilities in the contractual obligations table above are $5 million of environmental reserves and $3 million of non-current unrecognized tax benefits, which represent potential cash payments that could be payable by us upon settlements with the related authorities. We have not included these amounts in the contractual obligations table above because we cannot make reasonably reliable estimates regarding the timing of the settlements with the related authorities, if any. 

Capital Lease Obligations 

As of December 27, 2014, we had aggregate outstanding capital lease obligations of $12 million for one of our facilities in Canada, which is payable in monthly installments through 2017. 

Operating Leases 

We lease certain of our facilities, and in some jurisdictions, we lease the land on which these facilities are built under non-cancelable lease agreements that expire at various dates through 2025. We lease certain manufacturing and office equipment for terms ranging from one to five years. Total future non-cancelable lease obligations as of December 27, 2014 were $340 million, including approximately $284 million of future lease payments and estimated operating costs related to real estate in Austin, Texas, Sunnyvale, California and Singapore that we sold and leased back. 

&#160; 

Purchase Obligations 

Our purchase obligations primarily include our obligations to purchase wafers and substrates from third parties, excluding our wafer purchase commitments to GF under the WSA. As of December 27, 2014, total non-cancelable purchase obligations were $688 million. 

Obligations to GF 

Obligations to GF represent all of our expected cash payments to GF based on wafer receipts and research and development activities. As of December 27, 2014, payments owed to GF were $80 million. We are currently in the process of negotiating a fifth amendment to the WSA, and we expect that our future purchases from GF will continue to be material. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 27, 2014, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START 