 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements &#160; 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which are based on our management&#8217;s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;may,&#8221; &#8220;will,&#8221; &#8220;should,&#8221; &#8220;could,&#8221; &#8220;goal,&#8221; &#8220;would,&#8221; &#8220;expect,&#8221; &#8220;plan,&#8221; &#8220;anticipate,&#8221; &#8220;believe,&#8221; &#8220;estimate,&#8221; &#8220;project,&#8221; &#8220;predict,&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 in greater detail under the heading &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of such reports. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

All references to &#8220;NVIDIA,&#8221; &#8220;we,&#8221; &#8220;us,&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. 

NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, GeForce NOW, Mellanox, NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA DGX, NVIDIA DRIVE Orin, NVIDIA Grace, NVIDIA Hopper, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA OVX, NVIDIA RTX, NVIDIA Spectrum and Quadro, are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. MAXQ&#174; is the registered trademark of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are subject to change without notice. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 and Part II, Item 1A. &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, before deciding to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. 

Overview 

Our Company and Our Businesses 

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and augmented and virtual reality. 

Our two operating segments are "Graphics" and "Compute &#38; Networking," as described in Note 15 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 

Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges 

Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement 

On February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquired Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We recorded an acquisition termination cost of $1.35 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing in September 2020. 

Demand 

Demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions and transitions, time to market, competitor product releases and announcements, competing technologies, and changes in macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. Product transitions are complex and can negatively impact our revenue as we manage shipments of prior architecture products and channel partners prepare and adjust to support new products. GPUs have use cases in addition to their designed and marketed use case, such as for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based platforms such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards, and changes in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, have impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining as well as create increased aftermarket resales of our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distribution channel, and may reduce demand for our new GPUs. We have introduced Lite Hash Rate, or LHR, GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and provided CMP products in an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, most desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments were LHR in our effort to direct GeForce to gamers. Attempts in the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilities of our LHR cards have been successful and our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners, increasing demand for our gaming GPUs and limiting our ability to supply our gaming cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will achieve our desired outcome. Additionally, consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic has made it more difficult for us to estimate future demand and may have changed pre-pandemic behaviors. These challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis and may continue in the future when the effects of the pandemic subside. Restrictions that may be imposed or reinstated as the pandemic continues may negatively impact customer demand for our products. Recent lockdown measures due to COVID-19 containment efforts in China, as well as the war in Ukraine, have impacted end customer sales in China and EMEA, respectively, and we expect this impact to continue into the second quarter of fiscal year 2023. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we paused all direct sales in Russia. Direct sales to Russia in fiscal year 2022 were immaterial. Our revenue to partners that sell into Russia may be negatively impacted due to the war in Ukraine and we estimate that in fiscal year 2022, Russia accounted for approximately 2% of total end customer sales and 4% of Gaming end customer sales. In estimating demand and evaluating trends, we make multiple assumptions, any of which may prove to be incorrect. 

Supply 

Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases extend twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of customers&#8217; future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory, and make our demand forecast more uncertain. To shorten shipment lead times and deliver more quickly to our customers, we may build finished products and maintain inventory for anticipated demand that does not materialize. During fiscal year 2022, we made substantial strides in broadening our supply base to scale our company and better serve customer demand. Recent COVID-19-related disruptions and lockdowns in China have created and are expected to continue to create supply and logistics constraints. The war in Ukraine has further strained global supply chains and could result in a shortage of key materials that our suppliers, including our foundry partners, require to satisfy our needs. We expect continued supply constraints for some of our products, such as Networking, through the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 and potentially beyond. We have placed orders for certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, and may need to continue to do so in the future. Placing orders in advance of our historical lead times to secure supply and services in a constrained environment may result in excess inventory, cancellation penalties or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products. These actions may also increase our product costs, in addition to increased overall costs as a result of rising inflation. Increased costs for wafers, components, logistics, and other supply chain expenses, driven in part by inflation, have negatively impacted and may continue to impact our gross margin. Given our long lead times on inventory purchasing, we may order components before our product design is finalized and changes to the product design or to end demand, which may be perishable or may disappear, could trigger excess inventory. Our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year which could cause changes to expected revenue or cash flows. 

COVID-19 

The COVID-19 pandemic continued during fiscal year 2023. Most of our employees continue to work remotely and we have paused most business travel. Our Professional Visualization market platform benefited from demand for workstations as enterprises support hybrid work environments. Recent COVID-19-related disruptions in China are creating supply and logistics constraints and impacting end customer sales. As our offices begin to reopen, we expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services and related in-office costs. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the timing and overall demand from customers, and the limited availability of supply chain, logistical services and component supply may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. 

We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. 

First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2023 Summary 

Three Months Ended &#160; May 1, 2022 January 30, 2022 May 2, 2021 Quarter-over-Quarter Change Year-over-Year Change ($ in millions, except per share data) Revenue $ 8,288 $ 7,643 $ 5,661 8 % 46 % Gross margin 65.5 % 65.4 % 64.1 % 10 bps 140 bps Operating expenses $ 3,563 $ 2,029 $ 1,673 76 % 113 % Income from operations $ 1,868 $ 2,970 $ 1,956 (37) % (4) % Net income $ 1,618 $ 3,003 $ 1,912 (46) % (15) % Net income per diluted share $ 0.64 $ 1.18 $ 0.76 (46) % (16) % 

We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. 

Revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 was $8.29 billion, up 46% from a year ago and up 8% sequentially. 

Gaming revenue was up 31% from a year ago and up 6% sequentially. The year-on-year increase reflects higher sales of GeForce GPUs based on our NVIDIA Ampere architecture. The sequential increase was driven by higher sales of GeForce GPUs for laptops and SOCs for game consoles. 

Our GPUs are capable of cryptocurrency mining, though we have limited visibility into how much this impacts our overall GPU demand. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market &#8211; such as the recent declines in cryptocurrency prices or changes in method of verifying transactions, including proof of work or proof of stake - can impact demand for our products and our ability to accurately estimate it. Most desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments were Lite Hash Rate to help direct GeForce GPUs to gamers. 

Data Center revenue was up 83% from a year ago and up 15% sequentially. These increases were primarily driven by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture GPUs and DGX systems used across both training and inference. Growth was led by cloud computing and hyperscale customers for workloads such as natural language processing and deep recommenders. 

Professional Visualization revenue was up 67% from a year ago and down 3% sequentially. The year-on-year increase was driven by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products with growth in workstations as enterprises supported hybrid work environments. The sequential decrease was due to lower sales of desktop workstation GPUs, partially offset by higher sales of notebook workstations GPUs. 

Automotive revenue was down 10% from a year ago and up 10% sequentially. The year-on-year decrease was due to automakers&#8217; supply constraints and the decline of legacy cockpit revenue. The sequential increase was driven by AI cockpit revenue. 

OEM and Other revenue was down 52% from a year ago and down 18% sequentially. The year-on-year decrease was due to a decline in CMP revenue, which was nominal in the quarter compared with $155 million from a year ago. The sequential decrease was driven by lower entry level notebook GPU sales. 

GAAP gross margin was up 140 basis points from a year ago, primarily due to a higher-end mix of GeForce GPUs within Gaming and the reduced impact of acquisition-related costs. Sequentially, GAAP gross margin was up 10 basis points due to increased contribution of, and favorable product mix changes within, Data Center, partially offset by higher sales of SOCs for game consoles. 

GAAP operating expenses were up 113% from a year ago and up 76% sequentially and include a $1.35 billion acquisition termination charge related to the Arm transaction. These increases were also driven by employee growth, compensation-related costs and engineering development costs. We have been successful in hiring this year and expect to slow hiring in the second half of fiscal year 2023 as we integrate our new employees. 

Income from operations was $1.87 billion, down 4% from a year ago and down 37% sequentially. Net income was a $1.62 billion. Net income per diluted share was $0.64, down 16% from a year ago and down 46% sequentially. 

Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $20.34 billion, up from $12.67 billion a year ago and down from $21.21 billion a quarter ago. The year-on-year increase reflects operating cash flow generation and $5.00 billion of debt issuance proceeds. The sequential decrease reflects share repurchases and advanced payments on supply agreements. 

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we returned $2.10 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and cash dividends. 

On May 23, 2022, our board of directors increased and extended our share repurchase program to repurchase additional common stock up to a total of $15 billion through December 2023. 

Market Platform Highlights 

In our Data Center market platform, we announced the NVIDIA Hopper GPU architecture and its first products based on the architecture including the NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU and the fourth-generation NVIDIA DGX system. Additionally, we announced the NVIDIA Grace CPU Superchip; unveiled the NVIDIA Spectrum-4 end-to-end 400Gbps networking platform; and announced NVIDIA OVX server reference design for digital twins and other Omniverse applications. 

In our Gaming market platform, we introduced the GeForce RTX 3090 Ti enthusiast-class desktop GPU; announced that there are now over 180 laptop models featuring RTX 30-series GPUs and our energy efficient, thin &#38; light Max-Q technologies; announced that 15 new game titles added support for NVIDIA RTX features, bringing the total to over 250 games and applications; and expanded the GeForce NOW cloud gaming service library with over 100 games, bringing the total to over 1,300. 

In our Professional Visualization market platform, we added new NVIDIA Ampere architecture RTX GPUs for workstations and announced that Amazon Robotics is building AI-enabled digital twins of its warehouses using NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise. 

In our Automotive market platform, we started production of the NVIDIA DRIVE Orin autonomous vehicle SOC and announced wins with Lucid Motors and BYD. 

Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data 

Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Refer to Part II, Item 7, "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022. There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue. 

&#160; Three Months Ended &#160; May 1, 2022 May 2, 2021 Revenue 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue 34.5 35.9 Gross profit 65.5 64.1 Operating expenses &#160; Research and development 19.5 20.4 Sales, general and administrative 7.1 9.2 Acquisition termination cost 16.3 &#8212; Total operating expenses 42.9 29.6 Income from operations 22.6 34.5 Interest income 0.2 0.1 Interest expense (0.8) (0.9) Other, net (0.2) 2.4 Other income (expense), net 

(0.8) 1.6 Income before income tax 21.8 36.1 Income tax expense 2.3 2.3 Net income 19.5 % 33.8 % 

Revenue 

Revenue by Reportable Segments 

Three Months Ended &#160; May 1, 2022 May 2, 2021 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Graphics $ 4,616 $ 3,451 $ 1,165 34 % Compute &#38; Networking 3,672 2,210 1,462 66 % Total $ 8,288 $ 5,661 $ 2,627 46 % 

Graphics - Graphics segment revenue increased by 34% in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. We continue to benefit from increased sales of our NVIDIA Ampere architecture products. The increase in Gaming revenue during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 resulted from a combination of factors including: the ramp of new RTX 30 Series GPUs; the release of new games supporting ray tracing; the rising popularity of gaming, eSports, content creation and streaming; the demand for new and upgraded systems to support the increase in remote work; and the ability of end users to engage in cryptocurrency mining. 

Compute &#38; Networking - Compute &#38; Networking segment revenue increased by 66% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, driven primarily by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products to hyperscale customers for cloud computing and workloads such as natural language processing and deep recommender models, as well as to vertical industries. The increase also reflects an increase in sales of networking products. CMP contributed an insignificant amount in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to $155 million in the prior year. 

Concentration of Revenue 

Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 77% and 86% of total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even if the revenue is attributable to end customers in a different location. 

No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 or 2022. 

Gross Margin 

Our overall gross margin increased to 65.5% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 from 64.1% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, reflecting a higher-end mix of GeForce GPUs within our Graphics segment and a reduced impact to gross margin for acquisition-related costs. 

Inventory provisions totaled $90 million and $58 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Sales of inventory that was previously written-off or down totaled $15 million and $21 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. As a result, the overall net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 0.9% and 0.6% in the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Graphics - The gross margin of our Graphics segment increased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily due to a higher-end mix within GeForce GPUs. 

Compute &#38; Networking - The gross margin of our Compute &#38; Networking segment decreased during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily due to lower contribution of prior architecture boards compared to NVIDIA Ampere architecture systems. 

Operating Expenses 

&#160; Three Months Ended &#160; May 1, 2022 May 2, 2021 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Research and development expenses $ 1,618 $ 1,153 $ 465 40 % % of net revenue 20 % 20 % Sales, general and administrative expenses 592 520 72 14 % % of net revenue 7 % 9 % Acquisition termination cost 1,353 &#8212; 1,353 100 % % of net revenue 16 % &#8212; % Total operating expenses $ 3,563 $ 1,673 $ 1,890 113 % 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses increased by 40% during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily driven by compensation-related costs, including for employee growth and stock-based compensation, and engineering development costs. 

Sales, General and Administrative 

Sales, general and administrative expenses increased by 14% during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily driven by compensation-related costs, associated with employee growth and stock-based compensation, partially offset by lower legal fees. 

Acquisition Termination Cost 

We recorded an acquisition termination cost related to the Arm transaction of $1.35 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing in September 2020. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Interest income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest income was $18 million and $6 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on our investments and higher cash balances. 

Interest expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. Interest expense was $68 million and $53 million during the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in expense reflects interest on the $5.00 billion note issued in June 2021. 

Other, net, consists primarily of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-affiliated entities and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. Other, net, was an expense of $13 million and income of $135 million during the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Changes in other, net, compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 were primarily driven by mark-to-market impact from public trading equity investments and changes in value from our non-affiliated private investments. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our investments in non-affiliated entities. 

Income Taxes 

We recognized an income tax expense of $187 million and $132 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The income tax expense as a percentage of income before income tax was 10.3% and 6.5% for the first quarter of fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in the amount of earnings subject to U.S. tax, the Arm acquisition termination cost recorded in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 which did not result in any material tax benefit, and a decreased impact of tax benefit from the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by the increased benefits from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction and stock-based compensation. If our stock price declines, the future tax benefits from stock-based compensation may decline, resulting in an increase in tax expense. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

&#160; May 1, 2022 January 30, 2022 &#160; (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,887 $ 1,990 Marketable securities 16,451 19,218 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 20,338 $ 21,208 

&#160; Three Months Ended May 1, 2022 May 2, 2021 &#160; (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,731 $ 1,874 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ 2,612 $ (1,272) Net cash used in financing activities $ (2,446) $ (471) 

As of May 1, 2022, we had $20.34 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, a decrease of $0.87 billion from the end of fiscal year 2022. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. 

Cash provided by operating activities decreased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily due to advanced payments on supply agreements in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 partially offset by an increase in net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as the Arm acquisition termination cost of $1.35 billion during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

Cash provided by investing activities increased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to cash used in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, primarily driven by higher marketable securities sales and maturities and lower purchases of marketable securities. 

Cash used in financing activities increased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, which primarily reflects share repurchases in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

Liquidity 

Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As of May 1, 2022, we had $20.34 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our marketable securities consist of debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and additional supply. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements. 

We have approximately $1.38 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S. Other than that, substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside of the U.S. as of May 1, 2022 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. We utilized almost all of our accumulated U.S. federal research tax credits during fiscal year 2022, resulting in higher cash tax payments starting in fiscal year 2023. In addition, beginning in fiscal year 2023, the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act requires taxpayers to capitalize research and development expenditures and to amortize domestic expenditures over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen years. This will impact cash flows from operations and will result in significantly higher cash tax payments starting in fiscal year 2023. 

Capital Return to Shareholders 

During the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we returned $2.00 billion in share repurchases and $100 million in cash dividends. On May 23, 2022, our Board of Directors increased and extended our share repurchase program to repurchase additional common stock up to a total of $15 billion through December 2023. 

Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under that program are subject to the continuing determination by our Board of Directors that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends are in the best interests of our shareholders. 

Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper 

As of May 1, 2022, we had outstanding: 

&#8226; $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2023; 

&#8226; $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2024; 

&#8226; $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2026; 

&#8226; $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2028; 

&#8226; $1.50 billion of Notes Due 2030; 

&#8226; $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2031; 

&#8226; $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2040; 

&#8226; $2.00 billion of Notes Due 2050; and 

&#8226; $500 million of Notes Due 2060. 

We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of May 1, 2022, we had not issued any commercial paper. 

Contractual Obligations 

We have unrecognized tax benefits of $800 million, which includes related interest and penalties of $67 million recorded in non-current income tax payable as of May 1, 2022. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We are currently under examination by the 

Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Other than the contractual obligations described above, there were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business in our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022. Refer to Item 7, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221; in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 for a description of our contractual obligations. For a description of our operating lease obligations, long-term debt, and purchase obligations, refer to Note 3, Note 12, and Note 13 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. 

Climate Change 

To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends. There are no material current climate change regulations impacting us, however, we are monitoring potential regulation changes in California, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other jurisdictions. We believe that climate change has not had a material impact to our revenue to date. We have not experienced any significant physical effects of climate change to date on our operations and results, nor any significant impacts on the cost or availability of insurance. In fiscal year 2024, we plan to launch Earth-2, an AI supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate change. 

Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of adoption of a new and recently issued accounting pronouncement. 



 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Other than the risk factors listed below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously described under Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022. 

Before you buy our common stock, you should know that making such an investment involves some risks including, but not limited to, the risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 and below. Additionally, any one of those risks could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could cause our stock price to decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, there may be a mismatch between supply and demand, and our financial results could be harmed. 

Demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions and transitions, time to market, competitor product releases and announcements, competing technologies, and changes in macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. Product transitions are complex and can negatively impact our revenue as we manage shipments of legacy prior architecture products and channel partners prepare and adjust to support new products. We sell most of our products through channel partners, who sell to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers. As a result, the decisions made by our channel partners, retailers and distributors in response to changing market conditions and changes in end user demand for our products could impact our ability to properly forecast demand. 

GPUs have use cases in addition to their designed and marketed use case, such as for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based platforms such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards, and changes in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, have impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining as well as create increased aftermarket resales of our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distribution channel, and may reduce demand for our new GPUs. We have introduced Lite Hash Rate, or LHR, GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and provided CMP products in an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. Attempts in the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilities of our LHR cards have been successful and our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners, increasing demand for our gaming GPUs and limiting our ability to supply our gaming cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will achieve our desired outcome. In addition, our new products or previously sold products may be resold online or on the unauthorized &#8220;gray market,&#8221; which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Gray market products or reseller marketplaces compete with our distribution channels. 

Consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased demand for our Gaming, Data Center, and workstation products, has made it more difficult for us to estimate future demand and may have changed pre-pandemic behaviors. These challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis and may continue in the future when the effects of the pandemic subside. Restrictions that may be imposed or reinstated as the pandemic continues, such as recent lockdown measures due to COVID-19 containment efforts in China, may negatively impact customer demand for our products. 

Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases extend twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of customers&#8217; future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess inventory. To shorten shipment lead times and deliver more quickly to our customers, we may build finished products and maintain inventory for anticipated demand that does not materialize. Demand for our products may be perishable or may disappear. We may not be able to reduce our inventory purchase commitments if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our competitors. We may write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or excess inventory, and we could experience a reduction in average selling prices if we incorrectly forecast product demand. 

Situations that may result in excess inventory, cancellation penalties or related impairments include: 

&#8226; changes in business and economic conditions resulting in decreased consumer confidence, including downturns in our target markets and/or overall economy, rising inflation, and changes in the credit market; 

&#8226; sudden or sustained government lockdowns or actions to control COVID-19 case spread; 

&#8226; higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements; 

&#8226; new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand due to unexpected end use cases; 

&#8226; increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions; 

&#8226; fluctuations in demand for our products related to cryptocurrency mining; or 

&#8226; decrease in future demand, decrease in the cost of supply chain materials, or changes in the design of future products where we have entered into long-term supply commitments, including prepayments, particularly to the extent we are placing orders well in advance of our historical lead times and/or before the design of those products is final. 

Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity to increase production and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill orders on a timely basis. Recent COVID-19-related disruptions and lockdowns in China have created and may continue to create supply and logistics constraints. The war in Ukraine has further strained global supply chains and could result in a shortage of key materials that our suppliers, including our foundry partners, require to satisfy our needs. In the future, we may also face supply constraints caused by natural disasters or other events. Even if we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand, we may not be able to do so in a cost-effective or timely manner, or our original equipment manufacturers may experience supply constraints. If we fail to fulfill our customers&#8217; orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, we could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be harmed. 

In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, as we are in today, we have placed orders for certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, and may need to continue to do so in the future. For example, while we previously placed orders with approximately six months&#8217; lead time, we have begun placing orders at least twelve months in advance. Our inventory and purchase commitments reflect our demand expectations for our future quarters and long-term supply and capacity needs. However, we may not be able to accurately predict when such periods of shortage will end, nor do we know whether those inventory orders accurately address our current and future demand needs. These actions may increase our product costs, in addition to increased costs we have experienced driven by rising inflation, and result in excess inventory, cancellation penalties or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products, negatively impacting our gross margins and our overall financial results. Our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year which could cause changes to expected revenue or cash flows. 

We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, including adverse economic conditions, which may harm our business. 

We conduct our business and have offices worldwide. Our semiconductor wafers are manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States and we generated 77% of our revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 from sales outside of the United States. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including: 

&#8226; domestic and international economic and political conditions between countries in which we do business; 

&#8226; government lockdowns to control COVID-19 cases; 

&#8226; differing legal standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices; 

&#8226; domestic and international business and cultural practices that differ; 

&#8226; disruptions to capital markets and/or currency fluctuations; and 

&#8226; natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions, terrorism, public health issues, and other catastrophic events. 

Adverse changes in global, regional or local economic conditions, including recession or slowing growth, the COVID-19 pandemic or other global or local health issues, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary, or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses including on IT infrastructure, increases in unemployment, and lower consumer confidence and spending, periodically occur. Increased costs for wafers, components, logistics, and other supply chain expenses, driven in part by inflation, have negatively impacted our gross margin and may continue to impact our gross margin. Inflation may also continue to cause increased supply, employee, facilities and infrastructure costs, decreased demand for our products, and volatility in the financial markets. To the extent such inflation continues, increases or both, it may reduce our margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Economic and industry uncertainty or changes could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including: 

&#8226; decrease in demand for our products, services and technologies and those of our customers or licensees; 

&#8226; the inability of our suppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us; 

&#8226; our customers&#8217; or our licensees&#8217; inability to supply products to customers and/or end users; 

&#8226; the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers or licensees; 

&#8226; limits on our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions; 

&#8226; difficulties in obtaining capital; 

&#8226; reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations; 

&#8226; lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively; and 

&#8226; increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our financial instruments. 

We have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing located in Israel. The State of Israel and companies with business in Israel have been and could in future be the subject of an economic boycott. Other countries have and may continue in the future restrict business with the State of Israel and companies with Israeli operations. Such laws and policies may have adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs. 

Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages, telecommunications failures, cloud service provider outages, terrorist attacks, or acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other military actions, epidemics or pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic events. Our corporate headquarters, a large portion of our current data center capacity, and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California, and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory, and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third-party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Geopolitical and domestic political developments and other events beyond our control, can increase economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government or adverse political developments in or around any of the major countries in which we do business would also likely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including natural disasters, high heat events or water shortages, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. For example, the war in Ukraine has had and will likely continue to have a negative impact on our employees or operations both within and outside Russia and Ukraine. Additionally, the ongoing war could result in a shortage of key materials that our suppliers, including our foundry partners, require to satisfy our needs. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war or catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results. 

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and continues to impact, our workforce and operations and those of our customers, partners, vendors and suppliers. As the pandemic continues to evolve, the increased duration and impact of economic and demand uncertainty, and the limited availability of our supply chain, logistical services and component supply, may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. While COVID-19 has driven an increase in sales for certain of our products, the demand may not be sustainable if conditions change. COVID-19 containment around the world has put restrictions on, among other areas, manufacturing facilities, commerce, and support operations, which could limit our capacity to meet customer demand. For example, recent lockdown measures due to COVID-19 containment efforts in China have impacted end customer sales, disrupted our partners&#8217; operations, created logistics and delivery bottlenecks, and further curtailed supply, and may continue to do so in the future. At the same time, stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, which could increase our costs, limit our ability to obtain supply at necessary levels or at all, or cause us to hold excess inventory if demand changes. 

COVID-19&#8217;s effect on the global economy and our business is difficult to assess or predict. It has resulted in, and may continue to result in, disruption of global financial markets, which could negatively affect our stock price and liquidity. Volatility in the financial markets could impact overall technology spending, adversely affecting demand for our products, our business and the value of our common stock. 

We have modified our business and workforce practices in response to COVID-19, and we may take further actions as required by government regulations or in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. There is no certainty that our actions will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the disease, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. As our offices begin to reopen, we expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services and related in-office costs. 

The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance and our ability to timely execute our business strategies may continue to be difficult to measure and predict. We have experienced supply chain and economic disruption, in part as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic which has negatively impacted and could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and access to sources of liquidity. 

Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, and political and other actions may adversely impact our business. 

We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP ownership and infringement; taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy requirements; competition and antitrust; advertising; employment; product regulations; cybersecurity; environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible use of AI; climate change; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, could impact our competitive position, and may impact our business operations negatively. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit us from engaging in certain business practices. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, or agents will not violate policies, controls, and procedures that we have designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Should any of these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs and/or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases in anti-competition legislation, regulation, administrative rule making, and enforcement activity resulting from growing public concern over concentration of economic power in corporations. 

Government actions, including trade protection and national security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such as tariffs, import or export regulations, including deemed export restrictions, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products, provide services to our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s U.S. Entity List or other U.S. government restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and certain allies have imposed economic sanctions and export control measures and may impose additional sanctions or export control measures, which have and could in the future result in, among other things, severe or complete restrictions on exports to and other commerce and business dealings involving Russia, Belarus, certain regions of Ukraine, and/or particular entities and individuals. Such actions have limited or blocked, or could in the future limit or block the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine or other regions determined to be supporting Russia, and restrict access by our Russian or Ukrainian employees (both within and outside of Russia and Ukraine) to our systems, negatively impacting productivity. Given these recent sanctions and export restrictions imposed by the United States and foreign government bodies, during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we paused all direct sales and support in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has impacted end customer sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future. While we have policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with sanctions and trade restrictions, our employees, contractors, partners, and agents may take actions in violations of such policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. If we were ever found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

Geopolitical tensions and conflicts worldwide, including but not limited to Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Israel and Korea where the manufacture of our product components and final assembly of our products are concentrated, may result in changing regulatory requirements, trade policies, export controls, import duties and economic disruptions that could impact our operating strategies, product demand, access to global markets, hiring, and profitability. The increasing focus on the strategic importance of AI technologies may result in additional regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI, including some or all of our product and service offerings. Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, prohibiting us from exporting those products to customers in one or more markets, including but not limited to China, or could impose other conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively impact our business and financial results. Export controls may be imposed on our technology, products, or services even though competitors are not subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results. Increasing use of economic sanctions may also impact demand for our products or services, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Deemed export control limitations could negatively impact the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. 

Recent restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gaming revenue, and increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. Additionally, revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. 

We have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates and other tax-related factors. 

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. For example, we are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and under audit in Germany, Israel and India. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, changes in United States federal, and state or international tax laws applicable to multinational corporations or other fundamental law changes, including proposed changes to existing tax rules and regulations under the current U.S. administration and Congress and as a result of recommendations from intergovernmental economic organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, may materially impact our tax expense and cash flows, as we experienced in fiscal year 2018 with the passage of United States tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 

Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by such factors as changes in our business or statutory rates, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed, changes in available tax credits, the resolution of issues arising from tax audits, changes in United States generally accepted accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and in deferred tax valuation allowances, changing interpretation of existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation and volatility in our stock price affecting the recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies within the income tax provision in the period in which they occur, the impact of accounting for business combinations, shifts in the amount of earnings in the United States compared with other regions in the world and overall levels of income before tax, changes in the domestic or international organization of our business and structure, as well as the expiration of statute of limitations and settlements of audits. For example, a decline in our stock price may result in reduced future tax benefits or in tax deficiencies from stock-based compensation. Any changes in our effective tax rate may impact net income. 

