 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements &#160; 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; created by those sections based on management&#8217;s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#8220;may,&#8221; &#8220;will,&#8221; &#8220;should,&#8221; &#8220;could,&#8221; &#8220;goal,&#8221; &#8220;would,&#8221; &#8220;expect,&#8221; &#8220;plan,&#8221; &#8220;anticipate,&#8221; &#8220;believe,&#8221; &#8220;estimate,&#8221; &#8220;project,&#8221; &#8220;predict,&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025 in greater detail under the heading &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of such reports. Given these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and understand that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

All references to &#8220;NVIDIA,&#8221; &#8220;we,&#8221; &#8220;us,&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. 

&#169; 2025 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025 and Part II, Item 1A. &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other filings with the SEC, before deciding to purchase, hold, or sell shares of our common stock. 

Overview 

Our Company and Our Businesses 

NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, AV, robotics, and digital twin applications. 

Our two operating segments are "Compute &#38; Networking" and "Graphics," as described in Note 13 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 

Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges 

Revenue growth in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by data center compute and networking platforms for accelerated computing and AI solutions. Our Blackwell GPU revenue ramp continued during the quarter, extending beyond large cloud service providers to include consumer internet companies and regional cloud service providers. 

On April 9, 2025, the U.S. government, or USG, informed us that it requires a license for export to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and D:5 countries, or to companies headquartered or with an ultimate parent therein, of our H20 integrated circuits and any other circuits achieving the H20&#8217;s memory bandwidth, interconnect bandwidth, or combination thereof. As a result of these new requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations as the demand for H20 products diminished. The $4.5 billion charge was less than what we initially anticipated as we were able to re-use certain materials. Sales of our H20 products were $4.6 billion for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 prior to the new export licensing requirements. The H20 export licensing requirements have impacted our current revenue and will also negatively affect our future revenue. We are still evaluating our limited options to supply Data Center compute products compliant with the USG&#8217;s export control rules. The export controls applicable to China are complex and address a variety of parameters, including the total processing performance of a chip, the &#8220;performance density&#8221; of a chip, the interconnect bandwidth of a chip, and the memory bandwidth of a chip. We may be unable to create a competitive product for China&#8217;s data center market that receives approval from the USG. In that event, we would effectively be foreclosed from competing in China's&#8239;data center computing/compute market, with a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We believe the China AI market to be a significant opportunity and the existing and new export controls will greatly hinder our ability to address this opportunity and will continue to impact our revenue and operational results. 

We continue to execute Data Center compute product introductions, bringing new advanced architectures on a one-year product cadence. We expect to begin shipping samples and production units of our new Blackwell Ultra platforms in the second quarter of fiscal year 2026. Our product transitions and sophisticated system configurations may create challenges in managing supply and demand. This could result in revenue volatility, quality or production issues, increased inventory provisions, warranty costs, or product delays. Customers may postpone purchasing existing products due to frequent new releases or may adopt new technologies more gradually than anticipated, affecting our revenue timing and supply chain expenses. 

The recent rise of high-quality open-source foundation models is making advanced AI capabilities broadly accessible. Open-source AI is becoming increasingly important across the ecosystem and it is dependent on developer adoption. If the most widely adopted open-source models are developed or deployed on our competitors&#8217; platforms, it could significantly weaken the influence of our platform, reduce developer engagement, and limit demand for our products and services. Future demand for our platform will depend on our ability to support, scale, and optimize the next generation of AI models&#8212;including open-source large language models&#8212;across our full stack of software and hardware offerings. 

The availability of data centers, energy, and capital to support the buildout of NVIDIA AI infrastructure by our customers is crucial, and any shortage of these resources could impact our future revenue and financial performance. 

In January 2025, the USG published the &#8220;AI Diffusion&#8221; IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR would have imposed a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. The licensing requirement would have applied to our most popular data center products, such as our H200 and GB200. In May 2025, the USG announced that it would rescind the AI Diffusion IFR and implement a replacement rule. The scope, timing, and requirements of the forthcoming rule remain uncertain. The replacement rule may impose new restrictions on our products or operations and/or add license requirements that could have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Changes in global trade policies, including the new export controls and tariffs, have increased the complexity and cost of our supply chain and may continue to do so. Ongoing uncertainty regarding the scope and application of such measures may adversely affect investment decisions by us and our partners, disrupt supply chain operations, and impact the timing and volume of customer purchases due to challenges in forecasting future costs and demand. 

We plan to increase our U.S.-based manufacturing and invest in specialized equipment and processes to support domestic production. This move is expected to strengthen our supply chain, boost resiliency and redundancy, and meet the growing demand for AI infrastructure. Our ability to increase manufacturing capabilities will depend on the domestic manufacturing ecosystem's capacity to ramp production supply to the required volume and on a timely basis. 

Macroeconomic factors, including tariffs, inflation, interest rate changes, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints, and global economic and geopolitical developments, have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. 

Refer to &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; for a discussion of these factors and other risks. 

First Quarter of Fiscal Year 2026 Summary 

Three Months Ended Quarter-over-Quarter Change Year-over-Year Change &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Jan 26, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 ($ in millions, except per share data) Revenue $ 44,062 $ 39,331 $ 26,044 12 % 69 % Gross margin 60.5 % 73.0 % 78.4 % (12.5) pts (17.9) pts Operating expenses $ 5,030 $ 4,689 $ 3,497 7 % 44 % Operating income $ 21,638 $ 24,034 $ 16,909 (10) % 28 % Net income $ 18,775 $ 22,091 $ 14,881 (15) % 26 % Net income per diluted share $ 0.76 $ 0.89 $ 0.60 (15) % 27 % 

On April 9, 2025, we were informed by the USG that a license is required for exports of our H20 products into the China market. As a result of these new requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations as the demand for H20 products diminished. The $4.5 billion charge was less than what we initially anticipated as we were able to re-use certain materials. Sales of our H20 products were $4.6 billion for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 prior to the new export licensing requirements. The H20 export licensing requirements have impacted our current revenue and will also negatively affect our future revenue. 

Revenue was $44.1 billion, up 69% from a year ago and up 12% sequentially. 

Data Center revenue was $39.1 billion, up 73% from a year ago and up 10% sequentially. The strong year-on-year and sequential growth was driven by demand for our accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative and agentic AI applications. We saw our Blackwell architecture ramp expand to all customer categories, while large cloud service providers remained our largest at just under 50% of Data Center revenue. Data Center compute revenue was $34.2 billion, up 76% from a year ago and up 5% sequentially. Networking revenue was $5.0 billion, up 56% from a year ago and up 64% sequentially, driven by the growth of NVLink compute fabric in our GB200 systems and continued adoption of Ethernet for AI solutions at cloud service providers and consumer internet companies. 

Gaming revenue was up 42% from a year ago and up 48% sequentially, driven by sales of our Blackwell architecture. 

Professional Visualization revenue was up 19% from a year ago and flat sequentially. The increase from a year ago was driven by broader adoption of Ada RTX workstation GPUs, addressing workflows in AI acceleration, real-time graphics rendering and data simulation. 

Automotive revenue was up 72% from a year ago and down 1% sequentially. The increase from a year ago was driven by sales of our self-driving platforms. 

Gross margin decreased from a year ago and sequentially, primarily due to a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations and the initial ramp of more sophisticated systems within Data Center. 

Operating expenses were up 44% from a year ago and up 7% sequentially. The year-on-year increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses due to employee growth and compensation increases, and compute, infrastructure and engineering development costs for new product introductions. The sequential increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits due to compensation increases and employee growth. 

Financial Information by Business Segment and Geographic Data 

Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding segment information. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Refer to Part II, Item 7, "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025. There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue. 

&#160; Three Months Ended &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 Revenue 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue 39.5 21.6 Gross profit 60.5 78.4 Operating expenses &#160; Research and development 9.1 10.4 Sales, general and administrative 2.4 3.0 Total operating expenses 11.5 13.4 Operating income 49.0 65.0 Interest income 1.2 1.4 Interest expense (0.1) (0.2) 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.4) 0.3 Total other income (expense), net 

0.7 1.5 Income before income tax 49.7 66.5 Income tax expense 7.1 9.2 Net income 42.6 % 57.3 % 

Revenue by Reportable Segments 

Three Months Ended &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Compute &#38; Networking $ 39,589 $ 22,675 $ 16,914 75 % Graphics 4,473 3,369 1,104 33 % Total $ 44,062 $ 26,044 $ 18,018 69 % 

Operating Income by Reportable Segments 

Three Months Ended &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Compute &#38; Networking $ 22,054 $ 17,047 $ 5,007 29 % Graphics 1,640 1,241 399 32 % All Other (2,056) (1,379) (677) 49 % Total $ 21,638 $ 16,909 $ 4,729 28 % 

Compute &#38; Networking revenue &#8211; The year over year increase in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by demand for our accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative and agentic AI applications. Revenue from Data Center computing grew 76% year-on-year compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, driven by demand for our Blackwell computing platform. Revenue from Data Center networking grew 56% year-on-year compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 driven by the growth of NVLink compute fabric in our GB200 systems and continued adoption of Ethernet for AI solutions at cloud service providers and consumer internet companies. 

Graphics revenue &#8211; The year over year increase in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by sales of our Blackwell architecture. 

Reportable segment operating income &#8211; The year over year increase in Compute &#38; Networking segment operating income in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by growth in revenue, partially offset by a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations. The year over year increase in Graphics segment operating income in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by growth in revenue. 

All Other operating loss &#8211; The year over year increase in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense reflecting employee growth. 

Concentration of Revenue 

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as add-in board manufacturers, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet companies, enterprises, and public sector entities. 

Direct Customers &#8211; Sales to one direct customer, Customer A, represented 16% of total revenue and sales to a second direct customer, Customer B, represented 14% of total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, both of which were attributable to the Compute &#38; Networking segment. Sales to two direct customers represented 11% and 13% of total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, both of which were attributable to the Compute &#38; Networking segment. 

Indirect Customers &#8211; Indirect customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product specifications, internal sales data, and other sources. Actual indirect customer revenue may differ from our estimates. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, two indirect customers which primarily purchase our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Direct Customers A and B, are estimated to represent 10% or more of total revenue, attributable to the Compute &#38; Networking segment. 

We estimate that in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026, an AI research and deployment company contributed to a meaningful amount of our revenue, through one of the above indirect customers and through other indirect customers that provide cloud services. 

We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue. 

Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to indirect customers in a different location. Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53% and 48% of total revenue for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related intangible amortization expense, costs for license and development and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing operations. 

Gross margins decreased to 60.5% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 compared to 78.4% for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, primarily due to a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations and the initial ramp of more sophisticated systems within Data Center. 

Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $5.3 billion, including $4.5 billion associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations, and $393 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. Sales of previously reserved inventory and settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $436 million and $114 million for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. The net effect of provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 11.0% and 1.1% in the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. 

Operating Expenses 

&#160; Three Months Ended &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 $ Change % Change &#160; ($ in millions) Research and development expenses $ 3,989 $ 2,720 $ 1,269 47 % Sales, general and administrative expenses 1,041 777 264 34 % Total operating expenses $ 5,030 $ 3,497 $ 1,533 44 % 

The increase in research and development expenses for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was driven by a 34% increase in compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases, a 70% increase in compute and infrastructure, and a 182% increase in engineering development costs for new product introductions. 

The increase in sales, general and administrative expenses for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 were primarily driven by compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases. 

Total Other Income (Expense), Net 

Three Months Ended &#160; Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 $ Change &#160; ($ in millions) Interest income $ 515 $ 359 $ 156 Interest expense (63) (64) 1 

Other income (expense), net 

(180) 75 (255) Total other income (expense), net 

$ 272 $ 370 $ (98) 

The increase in interest income for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 was primarily due to growth in cash, cash equivalents, and debt securities. 

Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. 

Other income (expense), net consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-marketable equity securities, publicly-held equity securities, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. The change in Other income (expense), net, compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, was primarily driven by unrealized losses in our publicly-held equity securities due to fair value volatility in our investments, particularly CoreWeave and Arm, Inc. Refer to Notes 5 and 6 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our investments in non-marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity securities. 

Income Taxes 

Income tax expense was $3.1 billion and $2.4 billion for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of income before income tax was an expense of 14.3% and 13.9% for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. 

The effective tax rate increased primarily due to a lower tax benefit from stock-based compensation, partially offset by an increase in tax benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. 

Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available information. 

Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

&#160; Apr 27, 2025 Jan 26, 2025 &#160; (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,234 $ 8,589 Marketable securities 38,457 34,621 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities $ 53,691 $ 43,210 

&#160; Three Months Ended Apr 27, 2025 Apr 28, 2024 &#160; (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 27,414 $ 15,345 Net cash used in investing activities $ (5,216) $ (5,693) Net cash used in financing activities $ (15,553) $ (9,345) 

Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. 

Cash provided by operating activities increased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, due to higher revenue and timing of cash collections. 

Cash used in investing activities decreased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, primarily driven by lower net purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by higher purchases of property and equipment. 

Cash used in financing activities increased in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, mainly due to higher share repurchases. 

Liquidity 

Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations. As of April 27, 2025, we had $53.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and share purchases. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements. 

Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly-rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly-rated financial institutions. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

Except for approximately $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside the U.S. at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. We plan to make two estimated federal and state tax payments in the second quarter of fiscal year 2026, a substantial increase as compared with no estimated tax payments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026. 

Capital Return to Shareholders 

We repurchased 126 million shares of our common stock for $14.5 billion during the first quarter of fiscal years 2026. As of April 27, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $24.3 billion of our common stock. 

From April 28, 2025 through May 23, 2025, we repurchased 19 million shares for $2.3 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities. 

We paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $244 million and $98 million during the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders. 

The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee compensation made after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is included in our share repurchase cost and was not material for the first quarter of fiscal years 2026 and 2025. 

Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program 

Our aggregate debt maturities as of April 27, 2025, by year payable, are as follows: 

&#160; Apr 27, 2025 &#160; (In millions) Due in one to five years $ 3,750 Due in five to ten years 1,250 Due in greater than ten years 3,500 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (36) Net long-term carrying amount $ 8,464 

We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of April 27, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding. 

Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion. 

Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations 

Unrecognized tax benefits were $2.5 billion, which includes related interest and penalties, were recorded in non-current income tax payable as of April 27, 2025. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Other than the contractual obligations described above, there were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business in our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025. Refer to Item 7, &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221; in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025 for a description of our contractual obligations. For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Notes 10, 11, and 14 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, respectively. 

Climate Change 

To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing renewable energy or climate-related business trends. 

Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

There has been no adoption of any new and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 



 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Other than the risk factors listed below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously described under Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025. 

Purchasing or owning NVIDIA common stock involves investment risks including, but not limited to, the risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025, and below. Any one of those risks could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. 

Long manufacturing lead times and uncertain supply and capacity availability, combined with a failure to estimate customer demand accurately, has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand. 

We have long manufacturing lead times and build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, the lead times for certain supply may be extended. We have previously experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more than 12 months. To secure future supply and capacity, we have paid premiums, provided deposits, and entered into long-term supply agreements and capacity commitments, which have increased our product costs and this may continue. We may still be unable to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs. 

If we inaccurately estimate demand, or our customers change orders, as we have experienced in the past, we may not be able to reduce our supply commitments in time, at the same rate, or at all. Significant mismatches between supply and demand have varied across our market platforms, resulted in both product shortages and excess inventory, significantly harmed our financial results and could reoccur. If we underestimate demand, and our foundry partners and contract manufacturers are unable to increase production or provide sufficient supply, we may not be able to meet increased 

customer demand in a timely manner, or at all. Our reputation and customer relationships could be damaged and we could lose revenue and market share. Additionally, since some of our products are part of a complex data center buildout, supply constraints or availability issues with respect to any one component have had and may have a broader revenue impact. For example, our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if components necessary for the finished products are not available from third parties. 

If we overestimate demand, or if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our competitors, we may not be able to utilize on-hand inventory or reduce purchase commitments accordingly. We have had to reduce average selling prices, including due to our channel pricing programs, increase prices for certain of our products as a result of our suppliers&#8217; increase in prices, write down our inventory, incur cancellation penalties, and record impairments, and may have to do so in the future. These impacts would be amplified by our non-cancellable and non-returnable purchase orders placed in advance of our historical lead times and could be exacerbated if we need to make changes to the design of future products. The risk of these impacts has increased and may continue to increase as our purchase obligations and prepaids have grown and are expected to continue to grow and become a greater portion of our total supply. All of these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and financial results. 

Factors that have caused and/or could in the future cause us to underestimate or overestimate demand, and impact the timing and volume of our revenue, include: 

&#8226; changes in product development cycles and time to market; 

&#8226; competing technologies and competitor product releases, announcements or other actions; 

&#8226; changes in business and economic conditions; 

&#8226; sudden or sustained government lockdowns or public health issues; 

&#8226; rapidly changing technology or customer requirements; 

&#8226; the availability of sufficient data center capacity or energy for customers to procure; 

&#8226; new product introductions and transitions resulting in less demand for existing products; 

&#8226; new or unexpected end-use cases; 

&#8226; increase in demand for competitive products; 

&#8226; changes in end-user demand; 

&#8226; purchasing decisions made, and inventory levels held by, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, system integrators, other channel partners and other third parties; 

&#8226; the ability of developers, end customers and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms; 

&#8226; the availability of third-party content on our platforms, such as GeForce NOW; 

&#8226; the demand for accelerated computing, AI-related cloud services, or large language models; 

&#8226; changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies; 

&#8226; government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls, increased restrictions on gaming usage, or tariffs; and 

&#8226; our customers' ability to invest in AI infrastructure. 

Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead times may occur if we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. In addition, geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and where we have suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact on us. Publicly announced intentions by governments or other companies to purchase our products can further complicate our demand estimates, as such announcements are often non-binding and may not result in committed volumes. 

We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our data center products. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates 

more complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines. 

We plan to increase our U.S.-based manufacturing and invest in specialized equipment and processes to support domestic production. Our ability to increase manufacturing capabilities will depend on the domestic manufacturing ecosystem's capacity to ramp production supply to the required volume timely. Delays or shortfalls could impact our ability to meet demand. 

Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. Qualification time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions, and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product introductions can reduce, or create volatility in, our revenue. We have experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation architectures when customers anticipate transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future architecture transitions. Our financial results have been and may in the future be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our architectural transitions as planned for any reason. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in unanticipated quality or production issues that could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays. For example, our gross margins in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025 were negatively impacted by inventory provisions for low-yielding Blackwell material. 

We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact our ability to develop other products or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the frequency of new products or may not be able to adopt our new products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost. While we have managed prior product transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs. 

Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect, which may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able to generate significant revenue from them. Because our products may be used in multiple use cases and applications, it is difficult to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the impact of generative AI models on our reported revenue or forecasted demand. 

The use of our GPUs for new, mercurial, or trendy applications, has impacted and can impact in the future demand for our products, including by leading to inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards and changes in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the Ethereum 2.0 merge in 2022, have reduced and may in the future decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining. This has created and may in the future create increased aftermarket sales of our GPUs, which could negatively impact retail prices for our GPUs and reduce demand for our new GPUs. In general, our new products or previously sold products may be resold online or on the unauthorized &#8220;gray market,&#8221; which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Gray market products and reseller marketplaces compete with our new products and distribution channels. Our inability to accurately predict our demand that arises from new use cases may create volatility in our revenue. 

We are subject to complex laws, rules, regulations, and political and other actions, including restrictions on the export of our products, which may adversely impact our business. 

We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP ownership and infringement; taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; data privacy requirements; competition and antitrust; advertising; employment; product regulations; cybersecurity; environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible use of AI; sustainability; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, 

could impact our competitive position, and may negatively impact our business operations and ability to manufacture and ship our products. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers or agents will not violate applicable laws or the policies, controls, and procedures that we have designed to help ensure compliance with such laws, and violations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. Changes to the laws, rules and regulations to which we are subject, or changes to their interpretation and enforcement, could lead to materially greater compliance and other costs, and/or further restrictions on our ability to manufacture and supply our products and operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases in antitrust legislation, regulation, administrative rule making, increased focus from regulators on cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our position in markets relating to AI has led to increased interest in our business from regulators worldwide, including the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, South Korea, Japan, and China. For example, the French Competition Authority collected information from us regarding our business and competition in the graphics card and CSP market as part of an ongoing inquiry into competition in those markets. We have also received, and continue to receive, broad requests for information from competition regulators in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, China, and South Korea regarding our sales of GPUs and other NVIDIA products, our efforts to allocate supply, foundation models and our investments, partnerships and other agreements with companies developing foundation models, the markets in which we compete and our competition, our strategies, roadmaps, and efforts to develop, market, and sell hardware, software, and system solutions, and our agreements with customers, suppliers, and partners. We expect to receive additional requests for information in the future. Such requests have been and are likely to be expensive and burdensome and could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and partners. 

Governments and regulators are also considering, and in certain cases, have imposed restrictions on the hardware, software, and systems used to develop frontier foundation models and generative AI. For example, the EU AI Act became effective on August 1, 2024 and will be fully applicable after a two-year transitional period. The EU AI Act may impact our ability to train, deploy, or release AI models in the EU. Several states are considering enacting or have already enacted regulations concerning AI technologies, which may impact our ability to train, deploy, or release AI models, and increase our compliance costs. Restrictions under these and any other regulations, if implemented, could increase the costs and burdens to us and our customers, delay or halt deployment of new systems using our products, and reduce the number of new entrants and customers, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could also result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of or increase to import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. Additionally, changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

Government actions, including trade protection and national and economic security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such as tariffs, import or export regulations, including deemed export restrictions and restrictions on the activities of U.S. persons, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products, provide services to our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce&#8217;s U.S. Entity List or other USG restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business. If we were ever found to have violated export control laws or sanctions of the U.S. or similar applicable non-U.S. laws, even if the violation occurred without our knowledge, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and other jurisdictions imposed economic sanctions and export control measures which blocked the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine. In fiscal year 2023, we stopped direct sales to Russia and closed business operations in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has impacted sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future. 

The increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of enabling or facilitating AI and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our product and service offerings. 

Concerns regarding third-party use of AI for purposes contrary to local governmental interests, including concerns relating to the misuse of AI applications, models, and solutions, has resulted in and could in the future result in unilateral or multilateral restrictions on products that can be used for training, modifying, tuning, and deploying LLMs and other AI applications. Such restrictions have limited and could in the future limit the ability of downstream customers and users worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our products, software, and services, and negatively impact our business and financial results. 

Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including but not limited to AI technologies. As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and related products, are increasingly the focus of export control restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies. The United States has imposed unilateral worldwide controls restricting GPUs and associated 

products, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls have been and may again be very broad in scope and application, prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations and options, or could impose other conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue and financial results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which have been imposed and are increasingly likely to be further tightened, would further restrict our ability to export our technology, products, or services even though competitors may not be subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI have subjected and may in the future subject downstream users of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair, or transfer of our products, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Controls could negatively impact our cost and/or ability to provide services such as NVIDIA AI cloud services and could impact the cost and/or ability for our CSPs and customers to provide services to their end customers, even outside China. 

Export controls could disrupt our supply chain and distribution channels, negatively impacting our ability to serve demand, including in markets outside China and for our gaming products. The possibility of additional export controls has negatively impacted and may in the future negatively impact demand for our products, benefiting competitors that offer alternatives less likely to be restricted by further controls. Repeated changes in the export control rules are likely to impose compliance burdens on our business and our customers, negatively and materially impacting our business. 

Increasing use of economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact demand for our products or services, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Reduced demand due to export controls has and could in the future lead to excess inventory or cause us to incur related supply charges. Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed export control limitations that negatively impact the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve overseas markets, but also provoke responses from foreign governments, including China, that negatively impact our supply chain or our ability to provide our products and services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our revenue. Regulators in China have inquired about our sales and efforts to supply the China market and our fulfillment of the commitments we entered at the close of our Mellanox acquisition. For example, regulators in China are investigating whether complying with applicable U.S. export controls discriminates unfairly against customers in the China market. If regulators conclude that we have failed to fulfill such commitments or we have violated any applicable law in China, we could be subject to financial penalties, restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, restrictions or other orders regarding our networking business, products, and services, or otherwise impact our operations in China, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside the United States. 

During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China&#8217;s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impacted exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware, equipment and technology used to develop, produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East. 

During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements for exports to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S RTX 4090, GB200 NVL72, and B200. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. 

On April 9, 2025, the USG informed us that it requires a license for export to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and D:5 countries, or to companies headquartered or with an ultimate parent therein, of our H20 integrated circuits and any other circuits achieving the H20&#8217;s memory bandwidth, interconnect bandwidth, or combination thereof. As a result of these new requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 for excess inventory and purchase obligations, as the demand for H20 products diminished. 

The export controls applicable to China are complex and address a variety of parameters, including the total processing performance of a chip, the &#8220;performance density&#8221; of a chip, the interconnect bandwidth of a chip, and the memory bandwidth of a chip. We may be unable to create a competitive product for China&#8217;s data center market that receives approval from the USG. In that event, we would effectively be foreclosed from competing in China's data center computing/compute market, with a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

In addition to controls targeting D:4 and D:5 countries, the USG has also imposed worldwide export controls impacting our products, and may impose additional controls in the future. On January 15, 2025, the USG published the &#8220;AI Diffusion&#8221; IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR would have imposed a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. The licensing requirement would have applied to our most popular data center products, such as our H200 and GB200. The AI Diffusion IFR would have divided the world into three tiers, relegating most countries to &#8220;Tier 2&#8221; status, and would have created a complex and burdensome scheme for licensing approvals. 

In May 2025, the USG announced that it would rescind the AI Diffusion IFR and implement a replacement rule. The scope, timing, and requirements of the forthcoming rule remain uncertain. The replacement rule may impose new restrictions on our products or operations and/or add license requirements that could have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our competitive position has been harmed by export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long term, if there are further changes in the USG&#8217;s export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, or product scope of the controls, if customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or denies licenses to significant customers or if we incur significant transition costs. Even if the USG grants any requested licenses, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain and encourage customers in China to pursue alternatives to our products, including semiconductor suppliers based in China, Europe, and Israel. 

Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements. 

For example, the USG has already imposed conditions to limit the ability of foreign firms to create and offer as a service large-scale GPU clusters, for example by imposing license conditions on the use of products to be exported to certain countries, and may impose additional conditions such as requiring chip tracking and throttling mechanisms that could disable or impair GPUs if certain events, including unauthorized system configuration, use, or location, are detected. Such government mandates in chip designs could introduce system vulnerabilities and expose us to significant risk and potential liability, negatively impact demand for our products, and could have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Open-source foundation models are rapidly growing in popularity with developers worldwide. Any regulatory control or other restriction that limits our ability to provide products and services that support third-party applications and models, including applications built on foundation models originating in China such as DeepSeek or Qwen, could have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The USG has already imposed export controls restricting certain gaming GPUs, and if the USG expands such controls to restrict additional gaming products, it may disrupt a significant portion of our supply and distribution chain and negatively impact sales of such products to markets outside China, including the U.S. and Europe. In addition, as the performance of the gaming GPUs increases over time, export controls may have a greater impact on our ability to compete in markets subject to those controls. Export controls may disrupt our supply and distribution chain for a substantial portion of our products, which are warehoused in and distributed from Hong Kong. 

Export controls restricting our ability to sell data center GPUs may also negatively impact demand for our networking products used in servers containing our GPUs. The USG may also impose export controls on our networking products, such as high-speed network interconnects, to limit the ability of downstream parties to create large clusters for frontier model training. 

Any new control that impacts a wider range of our products would likely have a disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and may disadvantage us against certain of our competitors that sell chips that are outside the scope of such control. Export controls have already and may in the future encourage customers outside China and other impacted regions to &#8220;design-out&#8221; certain U.S. semiconductors from their products to reduce the compliance burden and risk, and to ensure that they are able to serve markets worldwide. Export controls have already encouraged and may in the future encourage overseas governments to request that our customers purchase from our competitors rather than NVIDIA or other U.S. firms, harming our business, market position, and financial results. 

As a result, export controls may negatively impact demand for our products and services not only in China, but also in other markets, such as Europe, Latin America, and Southeast Asia. Export controls increase the risk of investing in U.S. 

advanced semiconductor products, because by the time a new product is ready for market, it may be subject to new unilateral export controls restricting its sale, resulting in excess inventory and purchase obligations as we recently experienced with the H20. At the same time, such controls may increase investment in foreign competitors, which would be less likely to be restricted by U.S. controls. 

The increasingly complex export controls impose complex and burdensome compliance obligations on our partners, suppliers, and customers. While we seek to strictly comply with all applicable export control regulators, reports of diversion of controlled products may negatively impact our business, relationships with partners and customers, and our reputation. Incorrect allegations that our compliance efforts satisfy the letter but not the &#8220;spirit&#8221; of the applicable regulations may negatively impact our business, relationships with partners and customers, and our reputation. 

In addition to export controls, the USG may impose restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in China. For example, the USG adopted &#8220;Connected Vehicle&#8221; restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers. The USG is also considering restrictions that would limit our ability to support third-party applications and models built on open-source foundation models originating in China. Such restrictions, if implemented, would favor our foreign competitors and negatively impact our business. 

Additionally, restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gaming revenue, and increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. The Chinese government may also encourage customers to purchase from our China-based competitors, or impose restrictions on the sale to certain customers of our products, or any products containing components made by our partners and suppliers. For example, the Chinese government announced restrictions relating to certain sales of products containing certain products made by Micron, a supplier of ours. As another example, an agency of the Chinese government announced an Action Plan that endorses new standards regarding the compute performance per watt and per memory bandwidth of accelerators used in new and renovated data centers in China. If the Chinese government modifies or implements the Action Plan in a way that effectively prevents us from being able to design products to meet the new standard, this may restrict the ability of customers to use some of our data center products and may have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Further restrictions on our products or the products of our suppliers could negatively impact our business and financial results. 

Finally, our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners, especially in Taiwan and South Korea. Any new restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan and South Korea, would negatively impact our business and financial results. 

