 Item 1: Business 

Incorporated in 1967, Applied Materials, Inc. (Applied) is a Delaware corporation. A global company with a broad set of capabilities in materials engineering, Applied provides manufacturing equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display and related industries. With its diverse technology capabilities, Applied delivers products and services that improve device performance, yield and cost. Applied&#8217;s customers include manufacturers of semiconductor chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays, and other electronic devices. These customers may use what they manufacture in their own end products or sell the items to other companies for use in advanced electronic components. Applied&#8217;s fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in October. 

Applied operates in three reportable segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services, and Display and Adjacent Markets. A summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. A discussion of factors that could affect operations is set forth under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Semiconductor Systems 

Applied&#8217;s Semiconductor Systems segment develops, manufactures and sells a wide range of manufacturing equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, also referred to as integrated circuits (ICs). The Semiconductor Systems segment includes semiconductor capital equipment used for many steps of the chip making process including the transfer of patterns into device structures, transistor and interconnect fabrication, metrology, inspection and review, and packaging technologies for connecting finished IC die. Applied&#8217;s patterning systems and technologies address challenges resulting from shrinking pattern dimensions and the growing complexity in vertical stacking found in today&#8217;s most advanced semiconductor devices. Applied&#8217;s transistor and interconnect products and technologies enable continued device scaling of 3D transistors. Applied&#8217;s metrology, inspection and review systems&#8217; imaging capabilities and algorithms employ optical and e-beam technologies to meet the most advanced technical demands, such as self-aligned double and quad patterning, extreme ultraviolet layers, measurement-intensive optimal proximity correction mask qualification, and new 3D architectures. Applied&#8217;s packaging technologies address challenges resulting from the increasing integration of multiple IC dies in a single package. Applied delivers leading-edge capabilities that enable chipmakers to establish accurate statistical process control, ramp up production runs rapidly, and achieve consistently high production yields. The majority of Applied&#8217;s new equipment sales are to leading integrated device manufacturers and foundries worldwide. 

##TABLE_START Technologies Product(s) Epitaxy 

Epitaxy (or epi) is a technique for growing silicon (e.g. silicon with another element) as a uniform crystalline structure on a wafer to form high quality material for the device circuity. Epi technology is used in device transistors to enhance chip speed. 

Centura RP Epi Ion Implant 

Ion implantation is a key technology for forming transistors and is used many times during chip fabrication. During ion implantation, wafers are bombarded by a beam of electrically-charged ions, called dopants, which can change the electrical properties of the exposed semiconductor material. 

VIISta Systems Oxidation/Nitridation 

Applied&#8217;s systems provide critical oxidation steps - like memory gate oxide, shallow trench isolation and liner oxide - for advanced device scaling. 

Vantage, Radiance and Centura Systems Rapid Thermal Processing (RTP) 

RTP is used primarily for annealing, which modifies the properties of deposited films. Applied&#8217;s single-wafer RTP systems are also used for growing high quality oxide and oxynitride films. 

Vantage Systems Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) 

PVD is used to deposit high quality metal films. Applications include metal gate, silicides, contact liner/barrier, interconnect copper barrier seed and metal hard mask. 

Endura Systems Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) 

CVD is used to deposit dielectric and metal films on a wafer. During the CVD process, gases that contain atoms of the material to be deposited react on the wafer surface, forming a thin film of solid material. 

Endura, Centura and Producer Systems Chemical Mechanical Planarization (CMP) 

CMP is used to planarize a wafer surface, a process that allows subsequent photolithography patterning and material deposition steps to occur with greater accuracy, resulting in more uniform film layers with minimal thickness variations. 

Reflexion Systems Electrochemical Deposition (ECD) 

ECD is a process by which metal atoms from a chemical fluid (an electrolyte) are deposited on the surface of an immersed object. 

Raider and Nokota Platforms Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD) 

ALD technology enables ultra thin film growth of either a conducting or insulating material with uniform coverage in nanometer-sized structures. 

Olympia System Etch 

Etching is used many times throughout the IC manufacturing process to selectively remove material from the surface of a wafer. Applied offers systems for etching dielectric, metal, and silicon films to meet the requirements of advanced processing. 

Centris and Producer Systems Selective Removal 

Selective removal is a new etch technology intended to remove a material of a particular composition without damaging materials of different composition that coexist on the wafer. 

Producer Systems Metrology and Inspection 

Metrology and inspection tools are used to locate, measure, and analyze defects and features on the wafer during various stages of the fabrication processes. Applied enables customers to characterize and control critical dimension (CD) and defect issues, especially at advanced generation technology nodes. 

SEMVision G7 Defect Analysis PROVision eBeam Inspection UVision 8 Inspection VeritySEM 5i Metrology Aera4 Mask Inspection ##TABLE_END

Applied Global Services 

The Applied Global Services (AGS) segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, remanufactured earlier generation equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and other products. Customer demand for products and services is fulfilled through a global distribution system more than 100 locations and trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites in more than a dozen countries to support over 42,500 installed Applied semiconductor, display and other manufacturing systems worldwide. Applied offers the following general types of services and products under the Applied Global Services segment. 

##TABLE_START AGS Solutions and Technology Technology-enabled Services 

A comprehensive service product portfolio that combines service technology and tool specific performance commitments in order to optimize customer factory productivity. 

Fab Consulting 

Experts using advanced analytical tools to solve production problems that have the greatest impact on customer fab productivity. 

Supply Chain Assurance Programs 

Spare parts product portfolio offers options to balance inventory, cost and risk to efficiently meet fab requirements. 

Subfab Equipment 

Applied SubFab solutions lower costs, save energy, reduce environmental impact, and meet Environmental Protection Agency reporting regulations for greenhouse gas emissions. 

Legacy Equipment 

Comprehensive 200mm equipment and upgrades portfolio to address a full spectrum of production needs and extend tool lifetime. Applied 200mm equipment supports market inflections and new technology for a broad variety of devices including analog, power, and MEMS. 

Automation Software 

Applied SmartFactory automation software portfolio coordinates and streamlines every aspect of a factory-the processes, equipment and people-to provide competitive advantage to customers. 

##TABLE_END

Display and Adjacent Markets 

The Display and Adjacent Markets segment is comprised of products for manufacturing liquid crystal displays (LCDs), organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs), and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers (PCs), electronic tablets, smart phones, and other consumer-oriented devices as well as equipment for processing flexible substrates. While similarities exist between the technologies utilized in semiconductor and display fabrication, the most significant differences are in the size and composition of the substrate. Substrates used to manufacture display panels and other devices are typically glass, although newer flexible materials are entering the market. Display and Adjacent Markets industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs and high resolution displays for mobile devices as well as new form factors, including thin, light, curved and flexible displays, and new applications such as augmented and virtual reality. The Display and Adjacent Markets segment offers a variety of technologies and products, including: 

##TABLE_START Display and Adjacent Markets Technologies Product(s) Array Test 

LCD display substrates are inspected at many stages of production to maximize yield, minimize scrap, optimize equipment utilization, and monitor manufacturing processes. At the completion of the array stage, the performance of the millions of individual pixels on each display is tested. 

Electron Beam Array Tester Defect Review 

Defects are identified during inspection steps and reviewed by a scanning electron microscope and other analyses to determine defect root cause and composition. 

Electron Beam Review (EBR) Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) 

During CVD processing, gases containing atoms or molecules are introduced into the process chamber. The gases form reactive radicals or ions, which undergo chemical reactions to form thin films on the heated substrate. 

AKT PECVD Systems Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) 

PVD is used to deposit high quality films of metals, alloys, transparent conductors and semiconductors. In Display, these films are used for contact, interconnect, transparent electrodes and transistor materials in TFT-LCD and OLED display backplanes, as well as for transparent electrodes in color filters and touch panels. 

AKT Aristo and PiVot Systems Flexible Technologies 

Flexible coating systems utilize physical vapor deposition, thermal evaporation, chemical vapor deposition, and e-beam technology to deposit thin layers of metal onto flexible substrates. 

TopBeam, TopMet, TopCoil and SmartWeb Systems ##TABLE_END

Backlog 

Applied manufactures systems to meet demand represented by order backlog and customer commitments. Backlog consisted of: (1) orders for which written authorizations have been accepted, or shipment has occurred but revenue has not been recognized; and (2) contractual service revenue and maintenance fees. 

Backlog by reportable segment as of October 27, 2019 and October 28, 2018 was as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; 2019 2018 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Semiconductor Systems $ 2,925 &#160; 45 % $ 2,479 &#160; 41 % Applied Global Services 2,073 &#160; 32 % 1,751 &#160; 29 % Display and Adjacent Markets 1,453 &#160; 23 % 1,836 &#160; 30 % Corporate and Other 22 &#160; &#8212; % 26 &#160; &#8212; % Total $ 6,473 &#160; 100 % $ 6,092 &#160; 100 % ##TABLE_END

Of the total backlog as of October 27, 2019, approximately 12% is not reasonably expected to be filled within the next 12 months. 

Applied&#8217;s backlog on any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any future periods, due to the potential for customer changes in delivery schedules or order cancellations. Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders prior to shipment, subject to possible cancellation penalties. Delays in delivery schedules or a reduction of backlog during any particular period could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s business and results of operations. 

Manufacturing, Raw Materials and Supplies 

Applied&#8217;s worldwide manufacturing activities consist primarily of assembly, integration and test of various proprietary and commercial parts, components and subassemblies that are used to manufacture systems. Applied has implemented a distributed manufacturing model under which manufacturing and supply chain activities are conducted in various countries, including Germany, Israel, Italy, Singapore, Taiwan, the United States and other countries in Asia. Applied uses qualified vendors, including contract manufacturers, to supply parts, services and product support. 

Although Applied makes reasonable efforts to assure that parts are available from multiple qualified suppliers, this is not always possible. Accordingly, some key parts may be obtained from only a qualified single supplier or a limited group of qualified suppliers. Applied seeks to reduce costs and to lower the risks of manufacturing and service interruptions by selecting and qualifying alternate suppliers for parts; monitoring the financial condition of key suppliers; maintaining appropriate inventories of parts; qualifying new parts on a timely basis; and ensuring quality and performance of parts. 

Research, Development and Engineering 

Applied&#8217;s long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied&#8217;s significant investments in research, development and engineering (RD&#38;E) must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers and ecosystem partners to design systems and processes that meet planned technical and production requirements. 

Applied&#8217;s product development and engineering organizations are located primarily in the United States, as well as in Canada, China, Europe, India, Israel, Singapore and Taiwan. In addition, certain outsourced RD&#38;E activities, process support and customer demonstrations are performed in the United States, India, China, Singapore and Taiwan. 

Marketing and Sales 

Because of the highly technical nature of its products, Applied markets and sells products worldwide almost entirely through a direct sales force. 

Applied has operations in many countries, with some of its business activities concentrated in certain geographic areas, and global and regional economic conditions can impact the company&#8217;s business and financial results. Applied&#8217;s business is based on capital equipment investments by major semiconductor, display and other manufacturers, and is subject to significant variability in customer demand for Applied&#8217;s products. Customers&#8217; expenditures depend on many factors, including: general economic conditions; anticipated market demand and pricing for semiconductors, display technologies and other electronic devices; the development of new technologies; customers&#8217; factory utilization; capital resources and financing; and government policies and incentives. In addition, a significant driver in the semiconductor and display industries has been end-demand for mobile consumer products, which has been characterized by seasonality that impacts the timing of customer investments in manufacturing equipment and, in turn, Applied&#8217;s business. 

Information on net sales to unaffiliated customers and long-lived assets attributable to Applied&#8217;s geographic regions is included in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The following companies accounted for at least 10 percent of Applied&#8217;s net sales in each fiscal year, which were for products and services in multiple reportable segments. 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START 2019 2018 2017 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. * &#160; 13% &#160; 23% &#160; Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited 14% &#160; * &#160; 16% &#160; Intel Corporation 12% &#160; 11% &#160; * &#160; ##TABLE_END

______________________________ 

* Less than 10% 

Competition 

The industries in which Applied operates are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. Applied&#8217;s ability to compete generally depends on its ability to commercialize its technology in a timely manner, continually improve its products, and develop new products that meet constantly evolving customer requirements. Significant competitive factors include technical capability and differentiation, productivity, cost-effectiveness and the ability to support a global customer base. The importance of these factors varies according to customers&#8217; needs, including product mix and respective product requirements, applications, and the timing and circumstances of purchasing decisions. Substantial competition exists in all areas of Applied&#8217;s business. Competitors range from small companies that compete in a single region, which may benefit from policies and regulations that favor domestic companies, to global, diversified companies. Applied&#8217;s ability to compete requires a high level of investment in RD&#38;E, marketing and sales, and global customer support activities. Management believes that many of Applied&#8217;s products have strong competitive positions. 

The competitive environment for each segment is described below. 

The semiconductor industry is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, the Internet of Things and smart vehicles are also creating new opportunities for the industry. As a result, products within the Semiconductor Systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. While certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. The rapid pace of technological change can quickly diminish the value of current technologies and products and create opportunities for existing and new competitors. Applied offers a variety of technologically-differentiated products that must continuously evolve to satisfy customers&#8217; requirements to compete effectively in the marketplace. Applied allocates resources among its numerous product offerings and therefore may decide not to invest in an individual product to the same degree as competitors who specialize in fewer products. There are a number of competitors serving the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry, which has experienced increasing consolidation. Some of these competitors offer a single product line and others offer multiple product lines, and range from suppliers serving a single region to global, diversified companies. 

Products and services within the Applied Global Services segment complement Semiconductor Systems and Display and Adjacent Markets segments&#8217; products in markets that are characterized by demanding worldwide service requirements and a diverse group of numerous competitors. To compete effectively, Applied offers products and services to improve tool performance, lower overall cost of ownership, and increase yields and productivity of customers&#8217; fab operations. Significant competitive factors include productivity, cost-effectiveness, and the level of technical service and support. The importance of these factors varies according to customers&#8217; needs and the type of products or services offered. 

Products in the Display and Adjacent Markets segment are generally subject to strong competition from a number of major competitors primarily in Asia. Applied holds established market positions with its technically-differentiated LCD and OLED manufacturing solutions for PECVD, color filter PVD, PVD array, PVD touch panel, and TFT array testing, although its market position could change quickly due to customers&#8217; evolving requirements. Important factors affecting the competitive position of Applied&#8217;s Display and Adjacent Markets products include: industry trends, Applied&#8217;s ability to innovate and develop new products, and the extent to which Applied&#8217;s products are technically-differentiated, as well as which customers within a highly concentrated customer base are making capital equipment investments and Applied&#8217;s existing position at these customers. 

Patents and Licenses 

Applied&#8217;s competitive position significantly depends upon its research, development, engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities, as well as its patent position. Protection of Applied&#8217;s technology assets through enforcement of its intellectual property rights, including patents, is important. Applied&#8217;s practice is to file patent applications in the United States and other countries for inventions that it considers significant. Applied has approximately 13,300 patents in the United States and other countries, and additional applications are pending for new inventions. Although Applied does not consider its business materially dependent upon any one patent, the rights of Applied and the products made and sold under its patents, taken as a whole, are a significant element of its business. In addition to its patents, Applied possesses other intellectual property, including trademarks, know-how, trade secrets, and copyrights. 

Applied enters into patent and technology licensing agreements with other companies when it is determined to be in its best interest. Applied pays royalties under existing patent license agreements for the use, in several of its products, of certain patented technologies. Applied also receives royalties from licenses granted to third parties. Royalties received from or paid to third parties have not been material to Applied&#8217;s consolidated results of operations. 

In the normal course of business, Applied periodically receives and makes inquiries regarding possible patent infringement. In responding to such inquiries, it may become necessary or useful for Applied to obtain or grant licenses or other rights. However, there can be no assurance that such licenses or rights will be available to Applied on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If Applied is not able to resolve or settle claims, obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or successfully prosecute or defend its position, Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Environmental Matters 

Applied maintains a number of environmental, health, and safety programs that are primarily preventative in nature. As part of these programs, Applied regularly monitors ongoing compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, Applied has trained personnel to conduct investigations of any environmental, health, or safety incidents, including, but not limited to, spills, releases, or possible contamination. 

Compliance with federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, remedial agreements, and other actions relating to the environment have not had, and are not expected to have, a material effect on Applied&#8217;s capital expenditures, competitive position, financial condition, or results of operations. 

The most recent report on Applied&#8217;s environmental, health and safety activities can be found in Applied&#8217;s latest Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report on its website at http://www.appliedmaterials.com//files/2018_csr.pdf. The CSR Report is updated periodically. This website address is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. None of the information on, or accessible through, Applied&#8217;s website is part of this Form 10-K or is incorporated by reference herein. 

Employees 

At October 27, 2019, Applied employed approximately 22,000 regular employees. In the high-technology industry, competition for highly-skilled employees is intense. Applied believes that its future success is highly dependent upon its continued ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The following table and notes set forth information about Applied&#8217;s executive officers: 

##TABLE_START Name of Individual Position Gary E. Dickerson(1) President, Chief Executive Officer Ginetto Addiego(2) Senior Vice President, Engineering, Operations and Quality Daniel J. Durn(3) Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Steve Ghanayem(4) Senior Vice President, New Markets and Alliances Group Thomas F. Larkins(5) Senior Vice President, General Counsel Omkaram Nalamasu(6) Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Prabu Raja(7) Senior Vice President, Semiconductor Products Group Ali Salehpour(8) Senior Vice President, Services, Display and Flexible Technology Charles Read(9) Corporate Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer ##TABLE_END

(1) Mr. Dickerson, age 62, was named President of Applied in June 2012 and appointed Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in September 2013. Before joining Applied, he served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates, Inc. (Varian) from 2004 until its acquisition by Applied in November 2011. Prior to Varian, Mr. Dickerson served 18 years with KLA-Tencor Corporation (KLA-Tencor), a supplier of process control and yield management solutions for the semiconductor and related industries, where he held a variety of operations and product development roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Dickerson started his semiconductor career in manufacturing and engineering management at General Motors&#8217; Delco Electronics Division and then AT&#38;T Technologies. 

(2) Dr. Addiego, age 60, has been Senior Vice President, Engineering, Operations and Quality since June 2015. He served as Senior Vice President, Engineering from March 2014 to June 2015. He previously worked at Applied from 1996 to 2005, leading various product groups as well as global organizations, including Global Operations, Facilities and Real Estate, Foundation Engineering, and Information Technology. From March 2011 to March 2014, Dr. Addiego was President and Chief Operating Officer of Ultra Clean Technology Corp., a public company listed on Nasdaq and a supplier of critical subsystems for the semiconductor capital equipment, medical device, energy, research, and flat panel industries. From February 2005 to March 2011, Dr. Addiego worked at Novellus Systems, Inc., a provider of advanced process equipment for the semiconductor industry, where he served as Executive Vice President of Corporate Global Operations responsible for Central Engineering, Facilities, Real Estate, Human Resources and Information Technology, and as Chief Administrative Officer. 

(3) Mr. Durn, age 53, has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied since August 2017. Previously, Mr. Durn was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NXP Semiconductors N.V., a semiconductor manufacturer (NXP), from December 2015 to August 2017. Mr. Durn served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., from June 2014 until its merger with NXP in December 2015. Prior to Freescale, Mr. Durn was Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration at GlobalFoundries, a semiconductor foundry, which he joined in December 2011. 

(4) Mr. Ghanayem, age 54, has been Senior Vice President, New Markets and Alliances Group of Applied since November 2017. He has served in various senior management, product development and operational roles since joining Applied in 1989, including Group Vice President and General Manager of the Transistor and Interconnect Group. 

(5) Mr. Larkins, age 58, has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel of Applied since November 2012 and was Corporate Secretary from November 2012 to March 2018. Previously, Mr. Larkins was employed by Honeywell International Inc., a diversified global technology and manufacturing company, where he was Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Deputy General Counsel from 2002 until joining Applied. Mr. Larkins served in various other positions at Honeywell (formerly AlliedSignal) after joining the company in 1997. 

(6) Dr. Nalamasu, age 61, has been Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer since June 2013, and President of Applied Ventures, LLC, Applied&#8217;s venture capital arm, since November 2013. He had served as Group Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from January 2012 to June 2013, and as Corporate Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from January 2011 to January 2012. Upon joining Applied in June 2006 until January 2011, Dr. Nalamasu was an Appointed Vice President of Research and served as Deputy Chief Technology Officer and General Manager for the Advanced Technologies Group. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Nalamasu was a NYSTAR distinguished professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he also served as Vice President of Research from 2005 to 2006. Prior to Rensselaer, Dr. Nalamasu served in several leadership roles at Bell Laboratories. 

(7) Dr. Raja, age 57, has been Senior Vice President, Semiconductor Products Group of Applied since November 2017. He previously served in various senior management, product development and operational roles since joining Applied in 1995, including Group Vice President and General Manager of the Patterning and Packaging Group. 

(8) Mr. Salehpour, age 58, has been Senior Vice President, Services, Display and Flexible Technology since September 2013. He previously served as Group Vice President, General Manager Energy and Environmental Solutions and Display Business Groups, since joining Applied in November 2012. Prior to Applied, Mr. Salehpour worked at KLA-Tencor for 16 years, where he served as a Senior Vice President and General Manager, and worked for 10 years in senior management positions at Schlumberger Test Systems. 

(9) Mr. Read, age 53, has been Corporate Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Applied since joining the Company in September 2013. Prior to Applied, Mr. Read worked at Brocade Communications Systems, Inc., a provider of semiconductor and software-based network solutions, since October 2002, where he most recently served as Vice President, Corporate Controller. Prior to Brocade, Mr. Read worked at KPMG LLP, an audit, tax and advisory firm, from 1996 to 2002. 

Available Information 

Applied&#8217;s website is http://www.appliedmaterials.com. Applied makes available free of charge, on or through its website, its annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such reports with, or furnishing them to, the SEC. The SEC&#8217;s website, www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These website addresses are intended to be an inactive textual references only. None of the information on, or accessible through, these websites is part of this Form 10-K or is incorporated by reference herein. 



 Item 1A: Risk Factors 

The following risk factors could materially and adversely affect Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere in this report. 

The industries that Applied serves can be volatile and difficult to predict. 

As a supplier to the global semiconductor and display and related industries, Applied is subject to variable industry conditions, since demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on several factors, including the nature and timing of technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, the timing and requirements of new and emerging technologies and market drivers, production capacity relative to demand for chips and display technologies, end-user demand, customers&#8217; capacity utilization, production volumes, access to affordable capital, consumer buying patterns and general economic conditions. Applied&#8217;s industries historically have been cyclical, and are subject to volatility and sudden changes in customer requirements for new manufacturing capacity and advanced technology. These changes can affect the timing and amounts of customer investments in technology and manufacturing equipment and can have a significant impact on Applied&#8217;s net sales, operating expenses, gross margins and net income. The amount and mix of capital equipment spending between different products and technologies can have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations. 

To meet rapidly changing demand in the industries it serves, Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses, and may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. During periods of increasing demand for its products, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand; effectively manage its supply chain; attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees; and continue to control costs. During periods of decreasing demand, Applied must reduce costs and align its cost structure with prevailing market conditions; effectively manage its supply chain; and motivate and retain key employees. If Applied does not effectively manage these challenges during periods of changing demand, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Even with effective allocation of resources and management of costs, during periods of decreasing demand, Applied&#8217;s gross margins and earnings may be adversely impacted. 

Applied is exposed to the risks of operating a global business. 

Applied has product development, engineering, manufacturing, sales and other operations distributed throughout many countries, and some of its business activities are concentrated in certain geographic areas. Moreover, in fiscal 2019, approximately 87 percent of Applied&#8217;s net sales were to customers in regions outside the United States. As a result of the global nature of its operations, Applied&#8217;s business performance and results of operations may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

&#8226; uncertain global economic and political business conditions and demands; 

&#8226; political and social attitudes, laws, rules, regulations and policies within countries that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including customer- or government-supported efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors; 

&#8226; global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies, including the ability to obtain required import and export licenses, trade sanctions, tariffs, and international trade disputes; 

&#8226; customer- or government-supported efforts to influence Applied to conduct more of its operations and sourcing in a particular country, such as Korea and China; 

&#8226; variations among, and changes in, local, regional, national or international laws and regulations, including contract, intellectual property, cybersecurity, data privacy, labor, tax, and import/export laws, and the interpretation and application of such laws and regulations; 

&#8226; ineffective or inadequate legal protection of intellectual property rights in certain countries; 

&#8226; positions taken by governmental agencies regarding possible national commercial and/or security issues posed by international business operations; 

&#8226; fluctuating raw material, commodity, energy and shipping costs; 

&#8226; delays or restrictions in shipping materials or finished products between countries; 

&#8226; geographically diverse operations and projects, and our ability to maintain appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls, and comply with environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption and other regulatory requirements; 

&#8226; supply chain interruptions, and service interruptions from utilities, transportation, data hosting or telecommunications providers, or other events beyond our control; 

&#8226; failure to effectively manage a diverse workforce with different experience levels, languages, cultures, customs, business practices and worker expectations, and differing employment practices and labor issues; 

&#8226; variations in the ability to develop relationships with local customers, suppliers and governments; 

&#8226; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, including the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen, Israeli shekel, euro, Taiwanese dollar, Singapore dollar, Chinese yuan or Korean won; 

&#8226; the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in different locations around the world; 

&#8226; performance of third party providers of outsourced functions, including certain engineering, software development, manufacturing, information technology and other activities; 

&#8226; political instability, natural disasters, pandemics, social unrest, terrorism or acts of war in locations where Applied has operations, suppliers or sales, or that may influence the value chain of the industries that Applied serves; 

&#8226; challenges in hiring and integration of an increasing number of workers in new countries; 

&#8226; the increasing need for a mobile workforce to work in or travel to different regions; and 

&#8226; uncertainties with respect to economic growth rates in various countries, including for the manufacture and sale of semiconductors and displays in the developing economies of certain countries. 

International trade disputes could result in increases in tariffs and other trade restrictions and protectionist measures that could have an adverse impact on our operations. 

We sell a significant majority of our products into countries outside of the United States including China, Taiwan and Korea. We also purchase a significant portion of equipment and supplies from suppliers outside of the United States. The United States and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose trade restrictions, and have also levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods. Increases in tariffs, additional taxes or other trade restrictions and retaliatory measures may increasingly impact end-user demand and customer investment in manufacturing equipment, increase our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell products or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses, and our inability to obtain such licenses could potentially limit our markets and impact our business. In addition, government authorities may impose conditions that require the use of local suppliers or partnerships with local companies, require the license or other transfer of intellectual property, or engage in other efforts to promote local businesses and local competitors, which could have a significant adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s business. Many of these challenges are present in China and Korea, markets that represent a significant portion of Applied&#8217;s current business as well as long-term growth opportunities. 

Applied is exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy. 

Uncertain global economic and business conditions, along with uncertainties and volatility in the financial markets, national debt and fiscal concerns in various regions, pose challenges to the industries in which Applied operates. Markets for semiconductors and displays depend largely on business and consumer spending and demand for electronic products. Economic uncertainty and related factors exacerbate negative trends in business and consumer spending and may cause certain Applied customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from purchasing for equipment or services, which may have an adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s revenues, results of operations and financial condition. Uncertain market conditions, difficulties in obtaining capital, or reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations, which can also result in lower sales, additional inventory or bad debt expense for Applied. Economic and industry uncertainty may similarly affect suppliers, which could impair their ability to deliver parts and negatively affect Applied&#8217;s ability to manage operations and deliver its products. These conditions may also lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect Applied&#8217;s ability to compete effectively. 

Uncertain economic and industry conditions also make it more challenging for Applied to forecast its operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritize the risks that may affect its businesses, sources and uses of cash, financial condition and results of operations. If Applied does not appropriately manage its business operations in response to changing economic and industry conditions, it could have a significant negative impact on its business performance and financial condition. Applied may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely affect Applied&#8217;s ability to capitalize on opportunities. Even during periods of economic uncertainty or lower revenues, Applied must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support its customers, which can have a negative impact on its operating margins and earnings. 

Applied maintains an investment portfolio that is subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. The risks to Applied&#8217;s investment portfolio may be exacerbated if financial market conditions deteriorate and, as a result, the value and liquidity of the investment portfolio, as well as returns on pension assets, could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment charges. Applied also maintains cash balances in various bank accounts globally in order to fund normal operations. If any of these financial institutions becomes insolvent, it could limit Applied&#8217;s ability to access cash in the affected accounts, which could affect its ability to manage its operations. 

Applied is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base. 

Applied&#8217;s customer base is highly concentrated, and has become increasingly so as a result of continued consolidation. Applied&#8217;s customer base is also geographically concentrated. A relatively limited number of manufacturers account for a substantial portion of Applied&#8217;s business. As a result, the actions of even a single customer can expose Applied&#8217;s business and results of operations to greater volatility. The mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer, including as a result of changes in government policy, have varied and may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, and have a significant impact on Applied&#8217;s net sales, gross margins and net income. Applied&#8217;s products are configured to customer specifications, and changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. If customers do not place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel orders, Applied may not be able to replace the business, which may have a significant adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition. The concentration of Applied&#8217;s customer base increases its risks related to the financial condition of its customers, and the deterioration in financial condition of a single customer or the failure of a single customer to perform its obligations could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s results of operations and cash flow. To the extent its customers experience liquidity constraints, Applied may incur additional bad debt expense, which may have a significant impact on its results of operations. Major customers may also seek pricing, payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that are less favorable to Applied, which may have a negative impact on Applied&#8217;s business, cash flow, revenue and gross margins. 

Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the various industries in which it operates. 

The global semiconductor, display and related industries in which Applied operates are characterized by ongoing changes affecting some or all of these industries that impact demand for and the profitability of Applied&#8217;s products and its consolidated results of operations, including: 

&#8226; the nature, timing and degree of visibility of changes in end demand for electronic products, including those related to fluctuations in consumer buying patterns tied to seasonality or the introduction of new products, and the effects of these changes on customers&#8217; businesses and on demand for Applied&#8217;s products; 

&#8226; increasing capital requirements for building and operating new fabrication plants and customers&#8217; ability to raise the necessary capital; 

&#8226; trade, regulatory or tax policies impacting the timing of customers&#8217; investment in new or expanded fabrication plants; 

&#8226; differences in growth rates among the semiconductor, display and other industries in which Applied operates; 

&#8226; the increasing importance of establishing, improving and maintaining strong relationships with customers; 

&#8226; the increasing cost and complexity for customers to move from product design to volume manufacturing, which may slow the adoption rate of new manufacturing technology; 

&#8226; the need for customers to continually reduce the total cost of manufacturing system ownership; 

&#8226; the heightened importance to customers of system reliability and productivity and the effect on demand for fabrication systems as a result of their increasing productivity, device yield and reliability; 

&#8226; manufacturers&#8217; ability to reconfigure and re-use fabrication systems which can reduce demand for new equipment; 

&#8226; the increasing importance of, and difficulties in, developing products with sufficient differentiation to influence customers&#8217; purchasing decisions; 

&#8226; requirements for shorter cycle times for the development, manufacture and installation of manufacturing equipment; 

&#8226; price and performance trends for semiconductor devices and displays, and the corresponding effect on demand for such products; 

&#8226; the increasing importance of the availability of spare parts to maximize the time that customers&#8217; systems are available for production; 

&#8226; the increasing role for and complexity of software in Applied products; and 

&#8226; the increasing focus on reducing energy usage and improving the environmental impact and sustainability associated with manufacturing operations. 

Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the semiconductor industry. 

The largest proportion of Applied&#8217;s consolidated net sales and profitability is derived from sales of manufacturing equipment in the Semiconductor Systems segment to the global semiconductor industry. In addition, a majority of the revenues of Applied Global Services is from sales to semiconductor manufacturers. The semiconductor industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to this industry that impact demand for and the profitability of Applied&#8217;s semiconductor manufacturing equipment and service products, including: 

&#8226; the increasing frequency and complexity of technology transitions and inflections, and Applied&#8217;s ability to timely and effectively anticipate and adapt to these changes; 

&#8226; the increasing cost of research and development due to many factors, including shrinking geometries, the use of new materials, new and more complex device structures, more applications and process steps, increasing chip design costs, and the increasing cost and complexity of integrated manufacturing processes; 

&#8226; the need to reduce product development time, despite the increasing difficulty of technical challenges; 

&#8226; the growing number of types and varieties of semiconductors and number of applications across multiple substrate sizes; 

&#8226; the increasing cost and complexity for semiconductor manufacturers to move more technically advanced capability and smaller geometries to volume manufacturing, and the resulting impact on the rates of technology transition and investment in capital equipment; 

&#8226; challenges in generating organic growth given semiconductor manufacturers&#8217; levels of capital expenditures and the allocation of capital investment to market segments that Applied does not serve, such as lithography, or segments where Applied&#8217;s products have lower relative market presence; 

&#8226; the importance of increasing market positions in segments with growing demand; 

&#8226; semiconductor manufacturer&#8217;s ability to reconfigure and re-use equipment, and the resulting effect on their need to purchase new equipment and services; 

&#8226; shorter cycle times between order placements by customers and product shipment require greater reliance on forecasting of customer investment, which may lead to inventory write-offs and manufacturing inefficiencies that decrease gross margin; 

&#8226; competitive factors that make it difficult to enhance position, including challenges in securing development-tool-of-record (DTOR) and production-tool-of-record (PTOR) positions with customers; 

&#8226; consolidation in the semiconductor industry, including among semiconductor manufacturers and among manufacturing equipment suppliers; 

&#8226; shifts in sourcing strategies by computer and electronics companies, and manufacturing processes for advanced circuit technologies, that impact the equipment requirements of Applied&#8217;s foundry customers; 

&#8226; the concentration of new wafer starts in Korea and Taiwan, where Applied&#8217;s service penetration and service-revenue-per-wafer-start have been lower than in other regions; 

&#8226; investment in semiconductor manufacturing capabilities in China, which may be affected by changes in economic conditions and governmental policies in China and the United States; 

&#8226; the increasing fragmentation of semiconductor markets, leading certain markets to become too small to support the cost of a new fabrication plant, while others require less technologically advanced products; and 

&#8226; the growing importance of specialty markets (such as Internet of Things, communications, automotive, power and sensors) that use mature process technologies and have a low barrier to entry. 

If Applied does not accurately forecast, and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing, key technology changes and inflections, successfully develop and commercialize products to meet demand for new technologies, and effectively address industry trends, its business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the display industry. 

The global display industry historically has experienced considerable volatility in capital equipment investment levels, due in part to the limited number of display manufacturers, the concentrated nature of end-use applications, production capacity relative to end-use demand, and panel manufacturer profitability. Industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs, and on demand for advanced smartphones and mobile device displays, which demand is highly sensitive to cost and improvements in technologies and features. The display industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to this industry that impact demand for and the profitability of Applied&#8217;s display products and services, including: 

&#8226; the importance of new types of display technologies, such as organic light-emitting diode (OLED), low temperature polysilicon (LTPS) and metal oxide transistor backplanes, flexible displays, and new touch panel films; 

&#8226; the increasing cost of research and development, and complexity of technology transitions and inflections, and Applied&#8217;s ability to timely and effectively anticipate and adapt to these changes; 

&#8226; the timing and extent of an expansion of manufacturing facilities in China, which may be affected by changes in local economic conditions and governmental policies in China, particularly in Asia and the United States; 

&#8226; the importance of increasing market positions in products and technologies with growing demand; 

&#8226; the rate of transition to larger substrate sizes for TVs and to new display technologies for TVs and mobile applications, and the resulting effect on capital intensity in the industry and on Applied&#8217;s product differentiation, gross margin and return on investment; and 

&#8226; fluctuations in customer spending quarter over quarter and year over year for display manufacturing equipment, concentration of display manufacturer customers and their ability to successfully commercialize new products and technologies, and uncertainty with respect to future display technology end-use applications and growth drivers. 

If Applied does not successfully develop and commercialize products to meet demand for new and emerging display technologies, or if industry demand for display manufacturing equipment and technologies slows, Applied&#8217;s business and its results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

The industries in which Applied operates are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market changes. 

Applied operates in a highly competitive environment in which innovation is critical, and its future success depends on many factors, including the development of new technologies and effective commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment, services and related products, and its ability to increase its position in its current markets, expand into adjacent and new markets, and optimize operational performance. The development, introduction and support of a broadening set of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment, and that may require greater collaboration with customers and other industry participants, have grown more complex and expensive over time. Furthermore, new or improved products may entail higher costs and lower profits, and may have unforeseen product design or manufacturing defects. To compete successfully, Applied must: 

&#8226; identify and address technology inflections, market changes, competitor innovations, new applications, customer requirements and end-use demand in a timely and effective manner; 

&#8226; develop new products and disruptive technologies, improve and develop new applications for existing products, and adapt products for use by customers in different applications and markets with varying technical requirements; 

&#8226; differentiate its products from those of competitors, meet customers&#8217; performance specifications, appropriately price products, and achieve market acceptance; 

&#8226; maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications, customers and customer requirements; 

&#8226; enhance its worldwide operations across its businesses to reduce cycle time, enable continuous quality improvement, reduce costs, and enhance design for manufacturability and serviceability; 

&#8226; focus on product development and sales and marketing strategies that address customers&#8217; high value problems and strengthen customer relationships; 

&#8226; effectively allocate resources between its existing products and markets, the development of new products, and expanding into new and adjacent markets; 

&#8226; improve the productivity of capital invested in R&#38;D activities; 

&#8226; accurately forecast demand, work with suppliers and meet production schedules for its products; 

&#8226; improve its manufacturing processes and achieve cost efficiencies across product offerings; 

&#8226; adapt to changes in value offered by companies in different parts of the supply chain; 

&#8226; qualify products for evaluation and volume manufacturing with its customers; and 

&#8226; implement changes in its design engineering methodology to reduce material costs and cycle time, increase commonality of platforms and types of parts used in different systems, and improve product life cycle management. 

If Applied does not successfully anticipate technology inflections, develop and commercialize new products and technologies, and respond to changes in customer requirements and market trends, its business performance and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Applied is exposed to risks associated with business combinations, acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures. 

Applied engages in acquisitions of or investments in companies, technologies or products in existing, related or new markets for Applied. Business combinations, acquisitions and investments , such as the proposed acquisition of Kokusai Electric, involve numerous risks to Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and operating results, including but not limited to: 

&#8226; inability to complete proposed transactions timely or at all due to the failure to obtain regulatory or other approvals, litigation or other disputes, and any ensuing obligation to pay a termination fee (which, in the case of the stock purchase agreement related to the proposed acquisition of Kokusai Electric, Applied will be obligated to pay in the amount of $154 million if such agreement is terminated under certain circumstances involving the failure to obtain required regulatory approvals); 

&#8226; diversion of management&#8217;s attention and disruption of ongoing businesses; 

&#8226; the failure to realize expected revenues, gross and operating margins, net income and other returns from acquired businesses; 

&#8226; requirements imposed by government regulators in connection with their review of a transaction, which may include, among other things, divestitures and restrictions on the conduct of Applied&#8217;s existing business or the acquired business; 

&#8226; following completion of acquisitions, ineffective integration of businesses, operations, systems, technologies, products or employees, changes in laws or regulations, including tax laws, or other factors, may impact the ability to realize anticipated synergies or other benefits; 

&#8226; failure to commercialize technologies from acquired businesses or developed through strategic investments; 

&#8226; dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; 

&#8226; inability to capitalize on characteristics of new markets that may be significantly different from Applied&#8217;s existing markets and where competitors may have stronger market positions and customer relationships; 

&#8226; failure to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses; 

&#8226; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of a proposed transaction on relationships with third parties; 

&#8226; potential changes in Applied&#8217;s credit rating, which could adversely impact the Company&#8217;s access to and cost of capital; 

&#8226; reductions in cash balances or increases in debt obligations to finance activities associated with a transaction, which increase interest expense, and reductions in cash balances, which reduce the availability of cash flow for general corporate or other purposes, including share repurchases and dividends; 

&#8226; exposure to new operational risks, rules, regulations, worker expectations, customs and practices to the extent acquired businesses are located in regions where Applied has not historically conducted business; 

&#8226; challenges associated with managing new, more diverse and more widespread operations, projects and people; 

&#8226; inability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in key technologies; 

&#8226; inadequacy or ineffectiveness of an acquired company&#8217;s internal financial controls, disclosure controls and procedures, cybersecurity, privacy policies and procedures, or environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption, human resource, or other policies or practices; 

&#8226; impairment of acquired intangible assets and goodwill as a result of changing business conditions, technological advancements or worse-than-expected performance of the segment; 

&#8226; the risk of litigation or claims associated with a proposed or completed transaction; 

&#8226; unknown, underestimated or undisclosed commitments or liabilities; and 

&#8226; the inappropriate scale of acquired entities&#8217; critical resources or facilities for business needs. 

Applied also makes strategic investments in other companies, including companies formed as joint ventures, which may decline in value or not meet desired objectives. The success of these investments depends on various factors over which Applied may have limited or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures, requires ongoing and effective cooperation with strategic partners. In addition, new legislation, additional regulations or global economic or political conditions may affect or impair our ability to invest in certain countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so. The risks to Applied&#8217;s strategic investment portfolio may be exacerbated by unfavorable financial market and macroeconomic conditions and, as a result, the value of the investment portfolio could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment charges. 

Applied continually assesses the strategic fit of its businesses and may from time to time seek to divest portions of its business that are not deemed to fit with its strategic plan. Divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, such as ability to sell such businesses on satisfactory price and terms and in a timely manner (including long and costly sales processes and the possibility of lengthy and potentially unsuccessful attempts by a buyer to receive required regulatory approvals), or at all, disruption to other parts of the businesses and distraction of management, allocation of internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to completing strategic acquisitions, loss of key employees or customers, exposure to unanticipated liabilities (including, among other things, those arising from representations and warranties made to a buyer regarding the businesses) or ongoing obligations to support the businesses following such divestitures, and other adverse financial impacts. 

Applied is exposed to risks associated with operating in jurisdictions with complex and changing tax laws. 

Applied is subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities. Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes and effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in applicable tax laws, interpretations of applicable tax laws, amount and composition of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, and valuation of deferred tax assets. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). On June 14, 2019, the U.S. government released regulations that significantly affect how the GILTI provision of the Tax Act is interpreted. As a result, Applied reversed a tax benefit of $96 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 that had been realized in the first half of fiscal 2019. An increase in Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes and effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s results of operations and financial condition. 

Consistent with the international nature of its business, Applied conducts certain manufacturing, supply chain, and other operations in Asia, bringing these activities closer to customers and reducing operating costs. In certain foreign jurisdictions, conditional reduced income tax rates have been granted to Applied. To obtain the benefit of these tax incentives, Applied must meet requirements relating to various activities. Applied&#8217;s ability to realize benefits from these incentives could be materially affected if, among other things, applicable requirements are not met or Applied incurs net losses in these jurisdictions. 

In addition, Applied is subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities, and from time to time amends previously filed tax returns. Applied regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations and amendments to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes, which requires estimates and judgments. Although Applied believes its tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the tax authorities will agree with such estimates. Applied may have to engage in litigation to achieve the results reflected in the estimates, which may be time-consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that Applied will be successful or that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment reflected in Applied&#8217;s historical income tax provisions and effective tax rates. 

Applied&#8217;s indebtedness and debt covenants could adversely affect its financial condition and business. 

Applied has $5.4 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding. Under the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes, it may be required to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon a change of control of Applied and a contemporaneous downgrade of the notes below investment grade. Applied also has in place a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, and a $2.0 billion term loan facility to finance in part its planned acquisition of Kokusai Electric. While no amounts were outstanding under either credit agreement as of October 27, 2019, Applied may borrow amounts in the future under either or both of these agreements. Applied may also enter into new financing arrangements. Applied&#8217;s ability to satisfy its debt obligations is dependent upon the results of its business operations and subject to other risks discussed in this section. Significant changes in Applied&#8217;s credit rating or changes in the interest rate environment could have a material adverse consequence on Applied&#8217;s access to and cost of capital for future financings, and financial condition. If Applied fails to satisfy its debt obligations, or comply with financial and other debt covenants, it may be in default and any borrowings may become immediately due and payable, and such default may also constitute a default under other of Applied&#8217;s obligations. There can be no assurance that Applied would have sufficient financial resources or be able to arrange financing to repay any borrowings at such time. 

Applied is exposed to risks associated with expanding into new and related markets and industries. 

As part of its growth strategy, Applied must successfully expand into related or new markets and industries, either with its existing products or with new products developed internally, or those developed in collaboration with third parties, or obtained through acquisitions. Applied&#8217;s ability to successfully expand its business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

&#8226; the need to devote additional resources to develop new products for, and operate in, new markets; 

&#8226; the need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies, cultivate relationships with new customers and meet different customer service requirements; 

&#8226; differing rates of profitability and growth among multiple businesses; 

&#8226; Applied&#8217;s ability to anticipate demand, capitalize on opportunities, and avoid or minimize risks; 

&#8226; the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management and logistics; 

&#8226; the adoption of new business models, business processes and systems; 

&#8226; the complexity of entering into and effectively managing strategic alliances or partnering opportunities; 

&#8226; new materials, processes and technologies; 

&#8226; the need to attract, motivate and retain employees with skills and expertise in these new areas; 

&#8226; new and more diverse customers and suppliers, including some with limited operating histories, uncertain or limited funding, evolving business models or locations in regions where Applied does not have, or has limited, operations; 

&#8226; new or different competitors with potentially more financial or other resources, industry experience and established customer relationships; 

&#8226; entry into new industries and countries, with differing levels of government involvement, laws and regulations, and business, employment and safety practices; 

&#8226; third parties&#8217; intellectual property rights; and 

&#8226; the need to comply with, or work to establish, industry standards and practices. 

In addition, Applied from time to time receives funding from United States and other government agencies for certain strategic development programs to increase its research and development resources and address new market opportunities. As a condition to this government funding, Applied is often subject to certain record-keeping, audit, intellectual property rights-sharing and/or other obligations. 

Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could affect Applied&#8217;s ability to meet customer demand lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. 

Applied&#8217;s business depends on its timely supply of equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly changing technical and volume requirements of its customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, including components and subassemblies, from suppliers, including contract manufacturers. The inability to timely obtain sufficient quantities of parts can have an adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s manufacturing operations and ability to meet customer demand for equipment, spares and services. Some key parts are subject to long lead-times or obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by suppliers located in countries other than the countries where Applied conducts its manufacturing. Variable industry conditions and the volatility of demand for manufacturing equipment increase capital, technical, operational and other risks for Applied and for companies throughout its supply chain. These conditions may cause some suppliers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other companies, or file for bankruptcy protection and possibly cease operations. Applied may also experience significant interruptions of its manufacturing operations, delays in its ability to deliver products or services, increased costs or customer order cancellations as a result of: 

&#8226; the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain sufficient quantities of quality parts on a cost-effective basis; 

&#8226; volatility in the availability and cost of materials; 

&#8226; difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export approvals; 

&#8226; shipment delays due to transportation interruptions or capacity constraints; 

&#8226; information technology or infrastructure failures, including those of a third party supplier or service provider; and 

&#8226; natural disasters or other events beyond Applied&#8217;s control (such as earthquakes, utility interruptions, tsunamis, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, storms or extreme weather conditions, fires, regional economic downturns, pandemics, social unrest, political instability, terrorism, or acts of war) in locations where it or its customers or suppliers have manufacturing, research, engineering or other operations. 

If a supplier fails to meet Applied&#8217;s requirements concerning quality, cost, protection of intellectual property, socially-responsible business practices, or other performance factors, Applied may transfer its business to alternative sources, which could entail manufacturing delays, additional costs, or other difficulties. If Applied is unable to meet its customers&#8217; demand for a prolonged period due to its inability to obtain certain parts or components, it could affect its ability to manage its operations, and have an adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s business, results of operations and customer relationships. In addition, if Applied needs to rapidly increase its business and manufacturing capacity to meet increases in demand or expedited shipment schedules, this may exacerbate any interruptions in Applied&#8217;s manufacturing operations and supply chain and the associated effect on Applied&#8217;s working capital. Moreover, if actual demand for Applied&#8217;s products is different than expected, Applied may purchase more/fewer parts than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or expediting delivery of parts. If Applied purchases inventory in anticipation of customer demand that does not materialize, or if customers reduce or delay orders, Applied may incur excess inventory charges. 

The ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital to Applied&#8217;s success. 

Applied&#8217;s success, competitiveness and ability to execute on its global strategies and maintain a culture of innovation depend in large part on its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees with key skills and experience. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management changes, Applied&#8217;s organizational structure, increasing global competition for talent, the availability of qualified employees in the local and global markets, cost reduction activities (including workforce reductions and unpaid shutdowns), availability of career development opportunities, the ability to obtain necessary authorizations for workers to provide services outside their home countries, and the attractiveness of Applied&#8217;s compensation and benefit programs, including its share-based programs. The loss or retirement of employees presents particular challenges to the extent they involve the departure of knowledgeable and experienced employees and the resulting need to identify and train existing or new workers to perform necessary functions, which may result in unexpected costs, reduced productivity, and/or difficulties with respect to internal processes and controls. 

Applied is exposed to various risks related to protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. 

Applied&#8217;s success depends in significant part on the protection of its patents, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. Infringement of Applied&#8217;s rights by a third party, such as the unauthorized manufacture or sale of equipment or spare parts, could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities for Applied. Policing any unauthorized use of intellectual property is difficult and costly and Applied cannot be certain that the measures it has implemented will prevent misuse. Applied&#8217;s ability to enforce its intellectual property rights is subject to litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the protection and enforceability of those rights in some countries. If Applied seeks to enforce its intellectual property rights, it may be subject to claims that those rights are invalid or unenforceable, and others may seek counterclaims against Applied, which could have a negative impact on its business. If Applied is unable to enforce and protect intellectual property rights, or if they are circumvented, invalidated, rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of technological change, it could have an adverse impact on its competitive position and business. In addition, changes in intellectual property laws or their interpretation may impact Applied&#8217;s ability to protect and assert its intellectual property rights, increase costs and uncertainties in the prosecution of patent applications and enforcement or defense of issued patents, and diminish the value of Applied&#8217;s intellectual property. 

Third parties may also assert claims against Applied and its products. Claims that Applied&#8217;s products infringe the rights of others, whether or not meritorious, can be expensive and time-consuming to defend and resolve, and may divert the efforts and attention of management and personnel. The inability to obtain rights to use third party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms could have an adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s business. In addition, Applied may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets and other confidential business information. Any such incidents and claims could severely harm Applied&#8217;s business and reputation, result in significant expenses, harm its competitive position, and prevent Applied from selling certain products, all of which could have a significant adverse impact on Applied&#8217;s business and results of operations. 

Applied is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents. 

In the conduct of its business, Applied collects, uses, transmits and stores data on information technology systems, including systems owned and maintained by Applied or third party providers. These data include confidential information and intellectual property belonging to Applied or its customers or other business partners, as well as personally-identifiable information of individuals. All information systems are subject to disruption, breach or failure. Applied has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents ranging from employee error or misuse to individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to these information systems, to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, none of which have been material to the Company to date. Applied devotes significant resources to network security, data encryption and other measures to protect its systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse. However, depending on their nature and scope, cybersecurity incidents could result in business disruption; the misappropriation of intellectual property, and corruption or loss of confidential information and critical data (Applied&#8217;s and that of third parties); reputational damage; litigation with third parties; diminution in the value of Applied&#8217;s investment in research, development and engineering; data privacy issues; and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. Compliance with, and changes to, laws and regulations concerning privacy and information security could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against Applied by regulatory authorities or other third parties. 

Applied is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings. 

Applied from time to time is, and in the future may be involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement, intellectual property rights, antitrust, environmental regulations, securities, contracts, product performance, product liability, unfair competition, misappropriation of trade secrets, employment, workplace safety, and other matters. Applied also on occasion receives notification from customers who believe that Applied owes them indemnification, product warranty or has other obligations related to claims made against such customers by third parties. 

Legal proceedings and claims, whether with or without merit, and associated internal investigations, may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct; divert management&#8217;s attention and other Applied resources; inhibit Applied&#8217;s ability to sell its products; result in adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines; and negatively affect Applied&#8217;s business. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal proceedings, claims or investigations. 

The failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied&#8217;s business and results of operations. 

Applied periodically implements new or enhanced enterprise resource planning and related information systems in order to better manage its business operations, align its global organizations and enable future growth. Implementation of new business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to Applied&#8217;s business operations. If Applied does not successfully implement enterprise resource planning and related information systems improvements, or if there are delays or difficulties in implementing these systems, Applied may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and may experience interruptions in service and operational difficulties, such as its ability to track orders, timely manufacture and ship products, project inventory requirements, effectively manage its supply chain and allocate human resources, aggregate financial data and report operating results, and otherwise effectively manage its business, all of which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Applied may incur impairment charges related to goodwill or long-lived assets. 

Applied has a significant amount of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions. Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The review compares the fair value for each of Applied&#8217;s reporting units to its associated carrying value, including goodwill. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets include adverse industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, declines in the market price of Applied common stock, changes in Applied&#8217;s strategies or product portfolio, and restructuring activities. Applied&#8217;s valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and projections of future operating performance. Applied may be required to record future charges to earnings during the period in which an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets is determined to exist. 

Applied is subject to risks associated with environmental, health and safety regulations. 

Applied is subject to environmental, health and safety regulations in connection with its global business operations, including but not limited to: regulations related to the development, manufacture, shipping and use of its products; handling, discharge, recycling and disposal of hazardous materials used in its products or in producing its products; the operation of its facilities; and the use of its real property. The failure or inability to comply with existing or future environmental and safety regulations could result in: significant remediation or other legal liabilities; the imposition of penalties and fines; restrictions on the development, manufacture, sale, shipment or use of certain of its products; limitations on the operation of its facilities or ability to use its real property; and a decrease in the value of its real property. Applied could be required to alter its manufacturing and operations and incur substantial expense in order to comply with environmental, health and safety regulations. Any failure to comply with these regulations could subject Applied to significant costs and liabilities that could adversely affect Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Applied is exposed to various risks related to the global regulatory environment. 

As a public company with global operations, Applied is subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions, including those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, corporate governance, intellectual property, tax, trade, antitrust, employment, immigration and travel regulations, privacy, and anti-corruption. Changing, inconsistent or conflicting laws, rules and regulations, and ambiguities in their interpretation and application create uncertainty and challenges, and compliance with laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive, divert management time and attention from revenue-generating activities, and otherwise adversely impact Applied&#8217;s business operations. Violations of law, rules and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions, restrictions on Applied&#8217;s business, and damage to its reputation, and could have an adverse impact on its business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 



 Item 7: Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Introduction 

Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&#38;A) is intended to facilitate an understanding of Applied&#8217;s business and results of operations. This MD&#38;A should be read in conjunction with Applied&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the cautionary statement set forth at the beginning of this Form 10-K. MD&#38;A consists of the following sections: 

&#160; 

&#8226; Overview: a summary of Applied&#8217;s business and measurements 

&#8226; Results of Operations: a discussion of operating results 

&#8226; Segment Information: a discussion of segment operating results 

&#8226; Recent Accounting Pronouncements: a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and its impact to Applied&#8217;s consolidated financial statements 

&#8226; Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources: an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash 

&#8226; Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

&#8226; Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates: a discussion of critical accounting policies that require the exercise of judgments and estimates 

&#8226; Non-GAAP Adjusted Results: a presentation of results reconciling GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted measures 

Overview 

Applied provides manufacturing equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display, and related industries. Applied&#8217;s customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays, and other electronic devices. These customers may use what they manufacture in their own end products or sell the items to other companies for use in advanced electronic components. Each of Applied&#8217;s businesses is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. 

Applied operates in three reportable segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services, and Display and Adjacent Markets. A summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. A discussion of factors that could affect Applied&#8217;s operations is set forth under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in Part I, Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. Product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the United States, Europe, Israel, and Asia. Applied&#8217;s broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force. 

Applied&#8217;s results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. Spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic and memory markets, is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, augmented and virtual reality, the Internet of Things and smart vehicles are also creating new opportunities for the industry. As a result, products within the Semiconductor Systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. Demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices, and investments in new types of display technologies. While certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. In light of these conditions, Applied&#8217;s results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter. 

Applied&#8217;s strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers&#8217; challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. Applied&#8217;s long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Applied&#8217;s significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. 

The following table presents certain significant measurements for the past three fiscal years: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Change 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; &#160; (In millions, except per share amounts and percentages) Net sales $ 14,608 &#160; $ 16,705 &#160; $ 14,698 &#160; $ (2,097) &#160; $ 2,007 &#160; Gross margin 43.7 % 45.0 % 45.0 % (1.3) points &#160; &#8212; points &#160; Operating income $ 3,350 &#160; $ 4,491 &#160; $ 3,936 &#160; $ (1,141) &#160; $ 555 &#160; Operating margin 22.9 % 26.9 % 26.8 % (4.0) points &#160; 0.1 points &#160; Net income $ 2,706 &#160; $ 3,038 &#160; $ 3,519 &#160; $ (332) &#160; $ (481) &#160; Earnings per diluted share $ 2.86 &#160; $ 2.96 &#160; $ 3.25 &#160; $ (0.10) &#160; $ (0.29) &#160; ##TABLE_END

Fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 each contained 52 weeks. 

Fiscal 2018 included a one-time expense related to the enactment of U.S. income tax law that reduced diluted earnings per share by $1.08. 

Customer investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment and services continued to be the primary contributor of revenue during fiscal 2019. Semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions. Spending by memory customers, compared to fiscal 2018, was lower as they delayed new capacity additions and lowered their fab utilization rates in response to excess industry supply and inventory levels. Foundry and logic spending increased year-over-year led by customer investments in both advanced and mature foundry-logic nodes. Overall semiconductor systems revenue for fiscal 2019 decreased as compared to the prior year. Despite the overall wafer fab equipment market being down in 2019, Applied saw modest growth in its services business as compared to the prior year. This was driven by an increase in the installed base of equipment and continued growth in revenues from long-term service agreements, offset by a weaker demand for transactional spares due to lower memory fab utilization. Applied&#8217;s display and adjacent markets revenue declined during fiscal 2019 due to weak demand for display manufacturing equipment for mobile products and TVs. 

Results of Operations 

Net Sales 

Net sales for the periods indicated were as follows: &#160; 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Semiconductor Systems $ 9,027 &#160; 62% &#160; $ 10,577 &#160; 63% &#160; 9,544 &#160; 65% &#160; (15) % 11 % Applied Global Services 3,854 &#160; 26% &#160; 3,754 &#160; 22% &#160; 3,014 &#160; 20% &#160; 3 % 25 % Display and Adjacent Markets 1,651 &#160; 11% &#160; 2,298 &#160; 14% &#160; 2,042 &#160; 14% &#160; (28) % 13 % Corporate and Other 76 &#160; 1% &#160; 76 &#160; 1% &#160; 98 &#160; 1% &#160; &#8212; % (22) % Total $ 14,608 &#160; 100% &#160; $ 16,705 &#160; 100% &#160; $ 14,698 &#160; 100% &#160; (13) % 14 % ##TABLE_END

Net sales in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 decreased primarily due to decreased customer investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment. Net sales in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 increased due to increased customer investments across all segments. The Semiconductor Systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net sales. 

Net sales by geographic region, determined by the location of customers&#8217; facilities to which products were shipped, were as follows: 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) China $ 4,277 &#160; 29% &#160; $ 5,047 &#160; 30% &#160; $ 2,758 &#160; 19% &#160; (15) % 83 % Korea 1,929 &#160; 13% &#160; 3,539 &#160; 21% &#160; 4,087 &#160; 28% &#160; (45) % (13) % Taiwan 2,965 &#160; 20% &#160; 2,504 &#160; 15% &#160; 3,369 &#160; 23% &#160; 18 % (26) % Japan 2,198 &#160; 15% &#160; 2,396 &#160; 14% &#160; 1,519 &#160; 10% &#160; (8) % 58 % Southeast Asia 548 &#160; 4% &#160; 797 &#160; 5% &#160; 625 &#160; 4% &#160; (31) % 28 % Asia Pacific 11,917 &#160; 81% &#160; 14,283 &#160; 85% &#160; 12,358 &#160; 84% &#160; (17) % 16 % United States 1,871 &#160; 13% &#160; 1,413 &#160; 9% &#160; 1,512 &#160; 10% &#160; 32 % (7) % Europe 820 &#160; 6% &#160; 1,009 &#160; 6% &#160; 828 &#160; 6% &#160; (19) % 22 % Total $ 14,608 &#160; 100% &#160; $ 16,705 &#160; 100% &#160; $ 14,698 &#160; 100% &#160; (13) % 14 % ##TABLE_END

The changes in net sales in all regions in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment spending and customer and product mix. The increase in net sales to customers in Taiwan and United States for fiscal 2019 compared the prior year was primarily due to increased investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The decrease in net sales to customers in all other regions for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily reflected a decrease in investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment. 

The changes in net sales in all regions other than Korea for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor equipment spending, including product and customer mix, and increased spending in semiconductor spares and services. The increase in net sales to customers in China also reflected increased investments in display manufacturing equipment. The decrease in net sales to customers in Korea primarily reflected decreased investments in display manufacturing equipment. 

Gross Margin 

Gross margins for the periods indicated were as follows: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 Gross margin 43.7 % 45.0 % 45.0 % (1.3) points &#160; &#8212; points &#160; ##TABLE_END

Gross margin in fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the decrease in net sales and unfavorable changes in customer and product mix. Gross margin in fiscal 2018 remained flat compared to fiscal 2017. 

Gross margin during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 included $89 million, $87 million and $69 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. 

Research, Development and Engineering &#160; 

Research, Development and Engineering (RD&#38;E) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions) Research, development and engineering $ 2,054 &#160; $ 2,022 &#160; $ 1,781 &#160; $ 32 &#160; $ 241 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Applied&#8217;s future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. Most of Applied&#8217;s existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. In certain instances, Applied acquires technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement its existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market. 

Management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in RD&#38;E to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers&#8217; most advanced designs. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in RD&#38;E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. 

Applied continued its RD&#38;E investments across Semiconductor Systems and Display and Adjacent Markets on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. Areas of investment include etch, inspection, patterning and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area and cost. In Display and Adjacent Markets, RD&#38;E investments were focused on expanding the company&#8217;s market opportunity with new display technologies. 

RD&#38;E expenses increased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to the prior year and increased in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to additional headcount and increased research and development spending in Semiconductor Systems and Display and Adjacent Market segments. These increases reflect Applied&#8217;s ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the Company&#8217;s growth strategy. Applied continued to prioritize existing RD&#38;E investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. 

RD&#38;E expense during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 included $99 million, $96 million and $83 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. 

Marketing and Selling 

Marketing and selling expenses for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions) Marketing and selling $ 521 &#160; $ 521 &#160; $ 457 &#160; $ &#8212; &#160; $ 64 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Marketing and selling expenses remained flat in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018. Marketing and selling expenses increased in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to additional headcount. 

Marketing and selling expenses for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 included $31 million, $31 million and $28 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. 

General and Administrative &#160; 

General and administrative (G&#38;A) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions) General and administrative $ 461 &#160; $ 483 &#160; $ 438 &#160; $ (22) &#160; $ 45 &#160; ##TABLE_END

General and administrative expenses in fiscal 2019 decreased slightly compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower variable compensation expenses. General and administrative expenses in fiscal 2018 increased compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to additional headcount and unfavorable impact from foreign exchange fluctuation, partially offset by lower variable compensation expense. 

G&#38;A expenses during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 included $44 million, $44 million and $40 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense. 

Interest Expense and Interest and Other Income (loss), net 

Interest expense and interest and other income (loss), net for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions) Interest expense $ 237 &#160; $ 234 &#160; $ 198 &#160; $ 3 &#160; $ 36 &#160; Interest and other income, net $ 156 &#160; $ 139 &#160; $ 78 &#160; $ 17 &#160; $ 61 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Interest expenses incurred were primarily associated with the senior unsecured notes. Interest expense in fiscal 2019 remained relatively flat compared to the prior year. Interest expense increased slightly in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 due to the issuance of senior unsecured notes in March 2017. 

Interest and other income, net primarily includes interest earned on cash and investments, realized gains or losses on sales of securities and impairment of strategic investments. Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2019, unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as equity investments are recognized in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Prior to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01 Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, these unrealized gains and temporary losses were included within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of any related tax effect. Interest and other income, net in fiscal 2019 increased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily driven by unrealized gains on equity investment securities. Interest and other income, net in fiscal 2018 increased compared to fiscal 2017 primarily driven by realized gains on sales of securities and higher interest income from investments. 

Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 563 &#160; $ 1,358 &#160; $ 297 &#160; $ (795) &#160; $ 1,061 &#160; Effective income tax rate 17.2 % 30.9 % 7.8 % (13.7) points 23.1 points ##TABLE_END

Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years&#8217; income tax filings. 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The Tax Act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries payable over eight years. U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities were subject to remeasurement due to the reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which provided guidance on accounting for the income tax effects of the Tax Act and a measurement period for companies to complete this accounting. Applied completed the accounting for the Tax Act during the measurement period, which ended one year after the enactment date of the Tax Act. Accounting for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets was completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, and the accounting for the transition tax was completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. 

The Tax Act also includes provisions that impact Applied starting in fiscal 2019, including a provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI). On June 14, 2019, the U.S. government released regulations that significantly affect how the GILTI provision of the Tax Act is interpreted. As a result, Applied reversed a tax benefit of $96 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 that had been realized in the first half of fiscal 2019. An accounting policy may be selected to treat GILTI temporary differences in taxable income either as a current-period expense when incurred (period cost method) or factor such amounts into the measurement of deferred taxes (deferred method). Applied has chosen the period cost method. 

Applied&#8217;s effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was lower than fiscal 2018 primarily due to tax expense of $1.1 billion in fiscal 2018 for the transition tax and remeasurement of deferred tax assets as a result of the Tax Act. Excluding the tax expense of $1.1 billion, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was higher than fiscal 2018 primarily due to certain provisions in the Tax Act becoming effective in fiscal 2019, tax expense of $87 million in fiscal 2019 related to changes in uncertain tax positions and the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation in fiscal 2019 being $42 million less than the prior fiscal year. 

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was higher than fiscal 2017 primarily due to tax expense of $1.1 billion for the transition tax and remeasurement of deferred tax assets as a result of the Tax Act, partially offset by changes in the geographical composition of income, tax benefits from the lower U.S. federal corporate tax rate, adoption of authoritative guidance for share-based compensation, and the resolution of tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions. In addition, fiscal 2017 included tax benefits from the recognition of previously unrecognized foreign tax credits. 

Segment Information 

Applied reports financial results in three segments: Semiconductor Systems, Applied Global Services, and Display and Adjacent Markets. A description of the products and services, as well as financial data, for each reportable segment can be found in Note 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Corporate and Other category includes revenues from products, as well as costs of products sold, for fabricating solar photovoltaic cells and modules and certain operating expenses that are not allocated to its reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. These operating expenses include costs for share-based compensation; certain management, finance, legal, human resource, and RD&#38;E functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. In addition, Applied does not allocate to its reportable segments restructuring and asset impairment charges and any associated adjustments related to restructuring actions, unless these actions pertain to a specific reportable segment. 

The results for each reportable segment are discussed below. 

Semiconductor Systems Segment 

The Semiconductor Systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. Semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes, and as a result is subject to variable industry conditions. Development efforts are focused on solving customers&#8217; key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes. 

Customer investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment continued to be the primary contributor of Applied&#8217;s revenue during fiscal 2019. Semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions. Spending by memory customers, compared to fiscal 2018, was lower as they delayed new capacity additions and lowered their fab utilization rates in response to excess industry supply and inventory levels. Foundry and logic spending increased year-over-year led by customer investments in both advanced and mature foundry-logic nodes. Overall semiconductor systems revenue for fiscal 2019 decreased as compared to the prior year. 

Certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows: &#160; 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages and ratios) Net sales $ 9,027 &#160; $ 10,577 &#160; $ 9,544 &#160; $ (1,550) &#160; (15) % $ 1,033 &#160; 11 % Operating income $ 2,464 &#160; $ 3,441 &#160; $ 3,177 &#160; $ (977) &#160; (28) % $ 264 &#160; 8 % Operating margin 27.3 % 32.5 % 33.3 % (5.2) points &#160; (0.8) points &#160; ##TABLE_END

&#160; 

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

Net sales for Semiconductor Systems by end use application for the periods indicated were as follows: 

##TABLE_START &#160; 2019 2018 2017 Foundry, logic and other 52 % 36 % 51 % Dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) 22 % 27 % 15 % Flash memory 26 % 37 % 34 % 100 % 100 % 100 % ##TABLE_END

Net sales for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower spending from memory customers, partially offset by increased spending from foundry, logic and other customers. Operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting lower net sales, unfavorable changes in customer and product mix. Five customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment&#8217;s net sales, and together they accounted for approximately 65 percent of this segment&#8217;s net sales for fiscal 2019. 

Net sales for fiscal 2018 increased compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher spending from memory customers, partially offset by lower spending from foundry, logic and other customers. Although operating margin remained flat, operating income for fiscal 2018 increased compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to favorable changes in product mix and higher net sales, partially offset by higher RD&#38;E expenses. 

The following region accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the Semiconductor Systems segment for one or more of past three fiscal years: 

##TABLE_START &#160; Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Korea $ 1,435 &#160; 16 % $ 2,883 &#160; 27 % $ 2,955 &#160; 31 % $ (1,448) &#160; (50) % $ (72) &#160; (2) % ##TABLE_END

Applied Global Services Segment 

The Applied Global Services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and solar products. 

Demand for Applied Global Services&#8217; service solutions are driven by Applied&#8217;s large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers&#8217; needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect Applied Global Services&#8217; sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers&#8217; wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, growing service intensity of newer tools, and the company&#8217;s ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. 

Certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows: &#160; 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages and ratios) Net sales $ 3,854 &#160; $ 3,754 &#160; $ 3,014 &#160; $ 100 &#160; 3 % $ 740 &#160; 25 % Operating income $ 1,101 &#160; $ 1,102 &#160; $ 817 &#160; $ (1) &#160; &#8212; % $ 285 &#160; 35 % Operating margin 28.6 % 29.4 % 27.1 % (0.8) points &#160; 2.3 points &#160; ##TABLE_END

Net sales increased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher customer spending for comprehensive service agreements and legacy systems, partially offset by lower customer spending on semiconductor spares. Net sales increased in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher customer spending for spares and services. In fiscal 2019, two customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment&#8217;s net sales. 

Operating income for fiscal 2019 remained flat compared to the prior year primarily due to higher net sales, partially offset by higher expenses related to an increase in headcount. Operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased slightly compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in headcount to support revenue growth. Operating income and operating margin for fiscal 2018 increased compared to the fiscal 2017, reflecting higher net sales partially offset by increased headcount to support business growth. 

There was no single region that accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the Applied Global Services segment for any of the past three fiscal years. 

Display and Adjacent Markets Segment 

The Display and Adjacent Markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and OLED displays, and other display technologies for TVs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, electronic tablets, smart phones, and other consumer-oriented devices, equipment upgrades and flexible coating systems. The segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically-differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale LCD TVs, OLEDs, low temperature polysilicon (LTPS), metal oxide, and touch panel sectors; and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields. Display industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices. 

The market environment for Applied's Display and Adjacent Markets segment in fiscal 2019 was characterized by weak demand for display manufacturing equipment for mobile products and TVs, compared to fiscal 2018. In addition, uneven demand patterns in the Display and Adjacent Markets segment can cause significant fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, as well as year-over-year. 

Certain significant measures for the periods presented were as follows: &#160; 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages and ratios) Net sales $ 1,651 &#160; $ 2,298 &#160; $ 2,042 &#160; $ (647) &#160; (28) % $ 256 &#160; 13 % Operating income $ 294 &#160; $ 574 &#160; $ 585 &#160; $ (280) &#160; (49) % $ (11) &#160; (2) % Operating margin 17.8 % 25.0 % 28.6 % (7.2) points &#160; (3.6) points &#160; ##TABLE_END

Net sales for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower customer investments in mobile and TV display manufacturing equipment. Operating income and operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting lower net sales and unfavorable changes in customer and product mix. Four customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment&#8217;s net sales, and together they accounted for approximately 68 percent of net sales for this segment in fiscal 2019. 

Net sales for fiscal 2018 increased compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher customer investments in TV display manufacturing equipment. Operating income and operating margin for fiscal 2018 decreased slightly compared fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher RD&#38;E spending and unfavorable product mix, offset by higher net sales. 

The following regions accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the Display and Adjacent Markets segment for one or more of the periods presented: 

##TABLE_START Change &#160; 2019 2018 2017 2019 over 2018 2018 over 2017 &#160; (In millions, except percentages) China $ 1,469 &#160; 89 % $ 1,957 &#160; 85 % $ 978 &#160; 48 % $ (488) &#160; (25) % $ 979 &#160; 100 % Korea $ 55 &#160; 3 % $ 151 &#160; 7 % $ 791 &#160; 39 % $ (96) &#160; (64) % $ (640) &#160; (81) % ##TABLE_END

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on Applied&#8217;s consolidated financial statements, see Note 1, &#8220;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,&#8221; of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Applied&#8217;s cash, cash equivalents and investments consist of the following: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START October 27, 2019 October 28, 2018 &#160; (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 3,129 &#160; $ 3,440 &#160; Short-term investments 489 &#160; 590 &#160; Long-term investments 1,703 &#160; 1,568 &#160; Total cash, cash-equivalents and investments $ 5,321 &#160; $ 5,598 &#160; ##TABLE_END

Sources and Uses of Cash 

A summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START 2019 2018 2017 &#160; (In millions) Cash provided by operating activities $ 3,247 &#160; $ 3,787 &#160; $ 3,789 &#160; Cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (443) &#160; $ 571 &#160; $ (2,526) &#160; Cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ (3,115) &#160; $ (5,928) &#160; $ 341 &#160; ##TABLE_END

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued authoritative guidance that simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including forfeitures, income tax, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Applied adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Upon adoption, Applied elected to apply the presentation requirements for cash flows related to excess tax benefits and employee taxes paid for withheld shares retrospectively. Adopting this guidance increased cash provided by operating activities by $180 million with corresponding net decreases in cash provided by financing activities for fiscal 2017. 

Operating Activities 

Cash from operating activities for fiscal 2019 was $3.2 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. Non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. Cash provided from operating activities in fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 due to lower net income, cash collections, change in income taxes payable and higher payments to suppliers, offset by a decrease in inventories. Cash provided from operating activities remained flat from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018 due to the increase in income taxes payable, offset by lower deferred revenue and higher increase in accounts receivable. 

Applied has agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. Applied sells its accounts receivable without recourse. Applied, from time to time, also discounts letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. The discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. Applied sold $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion and $746 million of accounts receivable during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Applied discounted letters of credit issued by customers of $48 million and $37 million in fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. There was no discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2019 and 2018. Applied did not discount letters of credit issued by customers or discount promissory notes during fiscal 2017. 

Applied&#8217;s working capital was $5.8 billion at October 27, 2019 and $6.7 billion at October 28, 2018. 

Days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 was 61 days, 58 days, and 54 days, respectively. Days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. The increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2019 compared to the end of fiscal 2018 was primarily due to lower factoring of accounts receivable. The increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2018 compared to the end of fiscal 2017 was primarily due to less favorable revenue linearity in fiscal 2018. 

Investing Activities 

Applied used $443 million and $2.5 billion of cash in investing activities in fiscal 2019 and 2017, respectively. Applied generated $571 million in cash from investing activities in fiscal 2018. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 were $441 million, $622 million and $345 million, respectively. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily for real property acquisitions and improvements in North America and Taiwan, as well as investments in demonstration, testing and laboratory tools. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 were primarily for demonstration and test equipment and laboratory tools in North America. Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, net of purchase of investments were $26 million and $1.2 billion for fiscal 2019 and 2018, respectively. Purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments was $2.1 billion for fiscal 2017. Investing activities also included investments in technology to allow Applied to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies. 

Applied&#8217;s investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, U.S. Treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. Applied regularly monitors the credit risk in its investment portfolio and takes appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with its investment policies. 

Financing Activities 

Applied used $3.1 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2019, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $2.4 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $771 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $86 million, offset by proceeds from common stock issuances of $145 million. 

Applied used $5.9 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2018, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $5.3 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $605 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $164 million, offset by proceeds from common stock issuances of $124 million. 

Applied generated $341 million of cash from financing activities in fiscal 2017, consisting primarily of net proceeds received from the issuance of senior unsecured notes of $2.2 billion, proceeds from common stock issuance of $97 million, partially offset by cash used for repurchases of common stock of $1.2 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $430 million and debt repayments of $205 million. 

In September 2017, Applied&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing up to $3.0 billion in repurchases. In February 2018, the Board of Directors approved a new common stock repurchase program authorizing up to an additional $6.0 billion in repurchases. At October 27, 2019, $1.9 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under this repurchase program. 

During fiscal 2019, Applied's Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.21 per share. During fiscal 2018, Applied's Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.20 per share. During fiscal 2017, Applied&#8217;s Board of Directors declared four quarterly cash dividends in the amount of $0.10 per share. Applied currently anticipates that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on Applied&#8217;s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of Applied&#8217;s stockholders. 

Applied has credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement with a group of banks that is scheduled to expire in September 2021. This agreement provides for borrowings in United States dollars at interest rates keyed to one of two rates selected by Applied for each advance and includes financial and other covenants with which Applied was in compliance at October 27, 2019. Remaining credit facilities in the amount of approximately $74 million are with Japanese banks. Applied&#8217;s ability to borrow under these facilities is subject to bank approval at the time of the borrowing request, and any advances will be at rates indexed to the banks&#8217; prime reference rate denominated in Japanese yen. 

In August 2019, Applied entered into a term loan credit agreement with a group of lenders. Under the agreement, the lenders have committed to make an unsecured term loan to Applied of up to $2.0 billion to finance in part Applied&#8217;s planned acquisition of all outstanding shares of Kokusai Electric, to pay related transaction fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The commitments of the lenders to make the term loan will terminate if the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) are not consummated on or before June 30, 2020, which date may be extended by three months on two separate occasions if, on the applicable date, the only remaining conditions to closing relate to required regulatory approvals. The term loan, if advanced, will bear interest at one of two rates selected by Applied, plus an applicable margin, which varies according to Applied&#8217;s public debt credit ratings, and must be repaid in full on the third anniversary of the funding date of the term loan. 

No amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities at both October 27, 2019 and October 28, 2018, and Applied has not utilized these credit facilities. 

In fiscal 2011, Applied established a short-term commercial paper program of up to $1.5 billion. At October 27, 2019 and October 28, 2018, Applied did not have any commercial paper outstanding, but may issue commercial paper notes under this program from time to time in the future. 

In March 2017, Applied issued senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2.2 billion. Applied had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.4 billion outstanding as of October 27, 2019. The indentures governing these notes include covenants with which Applied was in compliance at October 27, 2019. In May 2017, Applied completed the redemption of the entire outstanding $200 million in principal amount of senior notes due in October 2017. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of existing debt. Applied may seek to refinance its existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on Applied&#8217;s capital requirements and the availability of financing. 

Others 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Tax Act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. For fiscal 2018, Applied realized tax expense of $1.1 billion associated with the Tax Act, primarily due to the transition tax. The transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. As of October 27, 2019, Applied has $938 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next seven years. Before the Tax Act, U.S. income tax had not been provided for certain unrepatriated earnings that were considered indefinitely reinvested. Income tax is now provided for all unrepatriated earnings. 

Although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, Applied&#8217;s management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy Applied&#8217;s liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. For further details regarding Applied&#8217;s operating, investing and financing activities, see the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in this report. 

For details on standby letters of credit and other agreements with banks, see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements below. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the ordinary course of business, Applied provides standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either Applied or its subsidiaries. As of October 27, 2019, the maximum potential amount of future payments that Applied could be required to make under these guarantee agreements was approximately $76 million. Applied has not recorded any liability in connection with these guarantee agreements beyond that required to appropriately account for the underlying transaction being guaranteed. Applied does not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid under these guarantee agreements. 

Applied also has agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. As of October 27, 2019, Applied has provided parent guarantees to banks for approximately $151 million to cover these arrangements. 

Applied also has operating leases for various facilities. Total rent expense for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 was $51 million, $50 million and $34 million, respectively. 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table summarizes Applied&#8217;s contractual obligations as of October 27, 2019: 

&#160; 

##TABLE_START &#160; Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More Than 5 Years &#160; (In millions) Debt obligations $ 5,350 &#160; $ 600 &#160; $ 750 &#160; $ &#8212; &#160; $ 4,000 &#160; Interest expense associated with debt obligations 2,918 &#160; 219 &#160; 374 &#160; 342 &#160; 1,983 &#160; Operating lease obligations 171 &#160; 45 &#160; 58 &#160; 38 &#160; 30 &#160; 

Income tax from change in U.S. tax laws 1 

938 &#160; 82 &#160; 163 &#160; 234 &#160; 459 &#160; 

Purchase obligations 2 

2,020 &#160; 1,888 &#160; 117 &#160; 15 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 

Other long-term liabilities 3,4 

20 &#160; &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; 2 &#160; 16 &#160; Total $ 11,417 &#160; $ 2,834 &#160; $ 1,464 &#160; $ 631 &#160; $ 6,488 &#160; ##TABLE_END

______________________ 

1 Represents the transition tax liability associated with the deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings as a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law on December 22, 2017. 

2 Represents Applied&#8217;s agreements to purchase goods and services consisting of Applied&#8217;s outstanding purchase orders for goods and services. 

3 Other long-term liabilities in the table do not include pension, post-retirement and deferred compensation plans due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments. Applied evaluates the need to make contributions to its pension and post-retirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. Payments to the plans would be dependent on these factors and could vary across a wide range of amounts and time periods. Payments for deferred compensation plans are dependent on activity by participants, making the timing of payments uncertain. Information on Applied&#8217;s pension, post-retirement benefit and deferred compensation plans is presented in Note 13, Employee Benefit Plans, of the consolidated financial statements. 

4 Applied&#8217;s other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets include deferred income tax liabilities, gross unrecognized tax benefits and related gross interest and penalties. As of October 27, 2019, the gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits that was not expected to result in payment of cash within one year was $489 million. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions that were not expected to result in payment of cash within one year of October 27, 2019 was $50 million. At this time, Applied is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. 

A critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of Applied&#8217;s consolidated financial statements and that requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on Applied&#8217;s financial condition or results of operations. Specifically, these policies have the following attributes: (1) Applied is required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates Applied could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on Applied&#8217;s financial condition or results of operations. 

Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. Applied bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as Applied&#8217;s operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. In addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within its control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. These uncertainties include those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; Based on a critical assessment of its accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes that Applied&#8217;s consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and provide a meaningful presentation of Applied&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations. 

Management believes that the following are critical accounting policies and estimates: 

Revenue Recognition 

Applied recognizes revenue when promised goods or services (performance obligations) are transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which Applied expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Applied performs the following five steps to determine when to recognize revenue: (1) identification of the contract(s) with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. Management uses judgment to identify performance obligations within a contract and to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group. Judgment is also used in interpreting commercial terms and determining when transfer of control occurs. Moreover, judgment is used to estimate the contract&#8217;s transaction price and allocate it to each performance obligation. Any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on Applied&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations. 

Warranty Costs 

Applied provides for the estimated cost of warranty when revenue is recognized. Estimated warranty costs are determined by analyzing specific product, current and historical configuration statistics and regional warranty support costs. Applied&#8217;s warranty obligation is affected by product and component failure rates, material usage and labor costs incurred in correcting product failures during the warranty period. As Applied&#8217;s customer engineers and process support engineers are highly trained and deployed globally, labor availability is a significant factor in determining labor costs. The quantity and availability of critical replacement parts is another significant factor in estimating warranty costs. Unforeseen component failures or exceptional component performance can also result in changes to warranty costs. If actual warranty costs differ substantially from Applied&#8217;s estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required, which could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Applied maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. This allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection history and any customer-specific issues Applied has identified. Changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligation to Applied or its payment trends, may require Applied to further adjust its estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to Applied, which could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Inventory Valuation 

Inventories are generally stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. The carrying value of inventory is reduced for estimated obsolescence by the difference between its cost and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand. Applied evaluates the inventory carrying value for potential excess and obsolete inventory exposures by analyzing historical and anticipated demand. In addition, inventories are evaluated for potential obsolescence due to the effect of known and anticipated engineering change orders and new products. If actual demand were to be substantially lower than estimated, additional adjustments for excess or obsolete inventory may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Applied reviews goodwill and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable, and also annually reviews goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives for impairment. Intangible assets, such as purchased technology, are generally recorded in connection with a business acquisition. The value assigned to intangible assets is usually based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. If actual product acceptance differs significantly from the estimates, Applied may be required to record an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of the reporting unit to its estimated fair value. 

To test goodwill for impairment, Applied first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If it is concluded that this is the case, Applied then performs the two-step goodwill impairment test. Otherwise, the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required. Under the two-step goodwill impairment test, Applied would in the first step compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, Applied would then perform the second step of the impairment test in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill. If Applied determines that the carrying value of a reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, Applied would record an impairment charge equal to the difference. 

Applied determines the fair value of each reporting unit based on a weighting of an income and a market approach. Applied bases the fair value estimates on assumptions that it believes to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Under the income approach, Applied estimates the fair value based on discounted cash flow method. 

The estimates used in the impairment testing are consistent with the discrete forecasts that Applied uses to manage its business, and considers any significant developments during the period. Under the discounted cash flow method, cash flows beyond the discrete forecasts are estimated using a terminal growth rate, which considers the long-term earnings growth rate specific to the reporting units. The estimated future cash flows are discounted to present value using each reporting unit&#8217;s weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average cost of capital measures a reporting unit&#8217;s cost of debt and equity financing weighted by the percentage of debt and equity in a reporting unit&#8217;s target capital structure. In addition, the weighted average cost of capital is derived using both known and estimated market metrics, and is adjusted to reflect both the timing and risks associated with the estimated cash flows. The tax rate used in the discounted cash flow method is the median tax rate of comparable companies and reflects Applied&#8217;s current international structure, which is consistent with the market participant perspective. Under the market approach, Applied uses the guideline company method which applies market multiples to forecasted revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Applied uses market multiples that are consistent with comparable publicly-traded companies and considers each reporting unit&#8217;s size, growth and profitability relative to its comparable companies. 

Management uses significant judgment when assessing goodwill for potential impairment, especially in emerging markets. Indicators of potential impairment include, but are not limited to, challenging economic conditions, an unfavorable industry or economic environment or other severe decline in market conditions. Such conditions could have the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates used for the fair value calculation, resulting in an unexpected goodwill impairment charge, which could have a material adverse effect on Applied&#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of goodwill impairment. 

Income Taxes 

Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes to income tax laws and the resolution of prior years&#8217; income tax filings. 

Applied recognizes a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income tax payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized. 

Applied recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are estimated based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Any changes in judgment related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes in the quarter in which such change occurs. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes. 

The calculation of Applied&#8217;s provision for income taxes and effective tax rate involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with Applied&#8217;s expectations could have an adverse material impact on Applied&#8217;s results of operations and financial condition. 

Non-GAAP Adjusted Financial Results 

Management uses non-GAAP adjusted financial measures to evaluate the Company&#8217;s operating and financial performance and for planning purposes, and as performance measures in its executive compensation program. Applied believes these measures enhance an overall understanding of its performance and investors&#8217; ability to review the Company&#8217;s business from the same perspective as the Company&#8217;s management and facilitate comparisons of this period&#8217;s results with prior periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that management does not believe are indicative of Applied's ongoing operating performance. 

The non-GAAP adjusted financial measures presented below are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses, including certain items related to mergers and acquisitions; restructuring charges and any associated adjustments; impairments of assets, or investments; gain or loss on sale of strategic investments; certain income tax items and other discrete adjustments. Additionally, fiscal 2019 and 2018 non-GAAP results exclude estimated discrete income tax expense items associated with recent U.S. tax legislation. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables presented below. There are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, and may exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

The following tables present a reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted consolidated results for the past three fiscal years: 

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. 

UNAUDITED RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED RESULTS 

##TABLE_START (In millions, except percentages) 2019 2018 2017 Non-GAAP Adjusted Gross Profit Reported gross profit - GAAP basis $ 6,386 &#160; $ 7,517 &#160; $ 6,612 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

37 &#160; 179 &#160; 172 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted gross profit $ 6,423 &#160; $ 7,696 &#160; $ 6,784 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted gross margin 44.0 % 46.1 % 46.2 % Non-GAAP Adjusted Operating Income Reported operating income - GAAP basis $ 3,350 &#160; $ 4,491 &#160; $ 3,936 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

55 &#160; 197 &#160; 191 &#160; Acquisition integration and deal costs 22 &#160; 5 &#160; 3 &#160; Other gains, losses or charges, net &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; (12) &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating income $ 3,427 &#160; $ 4,693 &#160; $ 4,118 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating margin 23.5 % 28.1 % 28.0 % Non-GAAP Adjusted Net Income 

Reported net income - GAAP basis 2 

$ 2,706 &#160; $ 3,038 &#160; $ 3,519 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

55 &#160; 197 &#160; 191 &#160; Acquisition integration and deal costs 22 &#160; 5 &#160; 3 &#160; Impairment (gain on sale) of strategic investments, net (6) &#160; (25) &#160; (3) &#160; Loss (gain) on strategic investments, net (30) &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Loss on early extinguishment of debt &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 5 &#160; Other gains, losses or charges, net &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; (12) &#160; 

Income tax effect of changes in applicable U.S. tax laws 3 

(24) &#160; 1,112 &#160; &#8212; &#160; Income tax effects related to amortization of intra-entity intangible asset transfers 62 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Resolution of prior years&#8217; income tax filings and other tax items 95 &#160; (26) &#160; (79) &#160; 

Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments 4 

(5) &#160; (7) &#160; (14) &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted net income $ 2,875 &#160; $ 4,294 &#160; $ 3,610 &#160; ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START 1 These items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets. 2 Amounts for fiscal 2017 included the recognition of the previously unrecognized foreign tax credits. 3 Charges to income tax provision related to a one-time transition tax and a decrease in U.S. deferred tax assets as a result of the recent U.S. tax legislation. 4 Adjustment to provision for income taxes related to non-GAAP adjustments reflected in income before income taxes. ##TABLE_END

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. 

UNAUDITED RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED RESULTS 

##TABLE_START (In millions, except per share amounts) 2019 2018 2017 Non-GAAP Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share Reported earnings per diluted share - GAAP basis $ 2.86 &#160; $ 2.96 &#160; $ 3.25 &#160; Certain items associated with acquisitions 0.05 &#160; 0.18 &#160; 0.16 &#160; Acquisition integration and deal costs 0.02 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Impairment (gain on sale) of strategic investments, net &#8212; &#160; (0.02) &#160; &#8212; &#160; Loss (gain) on strategic investments, net (0.03) &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Income tax effect of change in applicable U.S. tax laws (0.03) &#160; 1.08 &#160; &#8212; &#160; Income tax effects related to amortization of intra-entity intangible asset transfers 0.07 &#160; &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; Other gains, losses or charges, net &#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; (0.01) &#160; Resolution of prior years&#8217; income tax filings and other tax items 0.10 &#160; (0.02) &#160; (0.07) &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted earnings per diluted share $ 3.04 &#160; $ 4.18 &#160; $ 3.33 &#160; Weighted average number of diluted shares 945 1,026 1,084 ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START ##TABLE_END

The following table presents a reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted segment results for the past three fiscal years: 

APPLIED MATERIALS, INC. 

UNAUDITED RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED RESULTS 

##TABLE_START (In millions, except percentages) 2019 2018 2017 Semiconductor Systems Non-GAAP Adjusted Operating Income Reported operating income - GAAP basis $ 2,464 &#160; $ 3,441 &#160; $ 3,177 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

43 &#160; 183 &#160; 184 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating income $ 2,507 &#160; $ 3,624 &#160; $ 3,361 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating margin 27.8 % 34.3 % 35.2 % AGS Non-GAAP Adjusted Operating Income Reported operating income - GAAP basis $ 1,101 &#160; $ 1,102 &#160; $ 817 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

&#8212; &#160; &#8212; &#160; 1 &#160; Acquisition integration costs &#8212; &#160; 2 &#160; 3 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating income $ 1,101 &#160; $ 1,104 &#160; $ 821 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating margin 28.6 % 29.4 % 27.2 % Display and Adjacent Markets Non-GAAP Adjusted Operating Income Reported operating income - GAAP basis $ 294 &#160; $ 574 &#160; $ 585 &#160; 

Certain items associated with acquisitions 1 

12 &#160; 14 &#160; 5 &#160; Acquisition integration costs 1 &#160; 1 &#160; &#8212; &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating income $ 307 &#160; $ 589 &#160; $ 590 &#160; Non-GAAP adjusted operating margin 18.6 % 25.6 % 28.9 % ##TABLE_END

##TABLE_START 1 These items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets. ##TABLE_END

Note: The reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted segment results above does not include certain revenues, costs of products sold and operating expenses that are reported within corporate and other and included in consolidated operating income. 

