 Item 2. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following management&#8217;s discussion and analysis is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated condensed financial statements and notes, and for a full understanding of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the consolidated condensed financial statements and notes included in this Form 10-Q and the financial statements and notes for the fiscal year ended October 26, 2025 contained in our Form 10-K filed on December 12, 2025. 

This report contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Examples of forward-looking statements include those regarding our future financial or operating results, customer demand and spending, end-user demand, trends and outlooks in our markets and industries, cash flows and cash deployment strategies, declaration of dividends, share repurchases, business strategies and priorities, costs and cost controls, products, competitive positions, management&#8217;s plans and objectives for future operations, research and development, acquisitions, investments and divestitures, growth opportunities, restructuring and severance activities, backlog, working capital, liquidity, investment portfolio and policies, taxes, supply chain, manufacturing, properties, legal matters, claims and proceedings, and other statements that are not historical facts, as well as their underlying assumptions. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as &#8220;may,&#8221; &#8220;will,&#8221; &#8220;should,&#8221; &#8220;could,&#8221; &#8220;would,&#8221; &#8220;expect,&#8221; &#8220;plan,&#8221; &#8220;anticipate,&#8221; &#8220;believe,&#8221; &#8220;estimate,&#8221; &#8220;intend,&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; and &#8220;continue,&#8221; the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed in Part II, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors,&#8221; below and elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect our future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by us or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are based on management&#8217;s estimates, projections and expectations as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update any such statements. 

Overview 

We provide equipment, services and software to the semiconductor and related industries. Our customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips and other electronic devices. Our customers&#8217; products are used in a wide variety of products such as personal computing devices, mobile phones, artificial intelligence (AI) and data center servers, automobiles, connected devices, industrial applications and consumer electronics. Each of our segments is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic, political and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. 

Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers&#8217; challenges at technology inflections, growing our service business, and expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor industry. Our long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. Our significant investments in research, development and engineering (RD&#38;E) are intended to enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We collaborate closely with our global customers to design systems and processes to meet their technical and production requirements. 

Our future operating results depend to a considerable extent on our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide. Development cycles depend on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. Most of our existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. In certain instances, we acquire technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement our existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market. Product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the United States, Europe, Israel, and Asia. Our portfolio of equipment and service products is highly technical and is sold primarily through a direct sales force. 

We believe that it is critical to make substantial investments in RD&#38;E to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers&#8217; most advanced designs. We have and continue to invest in RD&#38;E in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. 

We operate in two reportable segments: Semiconductor Systems and Applied Global Services&#174; (AGS). A summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. A discussion of factors that could affect our operations is set forth under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; in Part II, Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Our results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors. 

The Semiconductor Systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. Spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic, memory, and other semiconductor chip markets, is driven by demand for products such as smartphones, mobile devices, personal computers (PC), servers for artificial intelligence (AI) and data centers, automobiles, clean energy, storage, and other products, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as AI, the internet of things, robotics and smart vehicles are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. As a result, products within the Semiconductor Systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. Spending can also depend on customer facility readiness and timeline for installation of capital equipment at customer sites. Development efforts are focused on solving customers&#8217; key technical challenges in patterning, transistor, interconnect, process control, and packaging performance. 

The AGS segment provides services, spares and factory automation software to customer fabrication plants globally to help customers optimize performance of our large, global installed base of semiconductor and other products. Demand for AGS&#8217; service and spares is driven by our large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers&#8217; needs to shorten ramp times, improve system performance, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect AGS&#8217; sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by changes in semiconductor manufacturers&#8217; wafer starts and utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment and growing service intensity of newer tools. Our strategy is to continue to shift the AGS&#8217; service and spares business to a subscription agreement model, improving customer factory performance and optimizing operating costs, and providing us a more predictable revenue stream. 

Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we have moved our 200 millimeter (200mm) equipment business from our Applied Global Services (AGS) segment to our Semiconductor Systems segment. We made this change in order to increase our operational efficiency and consolidate the reporting of our 200mm equipment with the reporting of our other capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips in our Semiconductor Systems segment. In addition, effective in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we are fully allocating corporate support costs to our reportable segments. Prior-period segment balances have been recast to conform to the current-year presentation. 

The Other category includes revenues, costs of products and operating expenses from other operating segments that do not meet the requirements for a reportable segment. We do not allocate to our reportable segments charges associated with restructuring actions, such as employee severance costs and asset impairment charges, unless the restructuring actions pertain to a specific reportable segment. Segment operating income also excludes interest income/expense and other financial charges and income taxes. 

The United States government has implemented export regulations for U.S. semiconductor technology sold or provided to customers in China, which have limited our ability to provide certain products and services to customers in China, over the past several years. The U.S. government continues to issue new export licensing requirements, and additional updates and other requirements that have had the effect of further limiting our ability to provide certain products and services to customers outside the U.S., including in China. Also, the United States has announced changes to its trade policy, including increased tariffs on imports. These actions have caused substantial uncertainty and have resulted in retaliatory measures, including new tariffs on U.S. goods imposed by China and other countries. Some of these actions have been followed by announcements of limited exemptions and temporary pauses. For a description of these risks, see the risk factors entitled &#8220; Business and Industry Risks - Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products and services relative to local and global competitors &#8221; and &#8220; Business and Industry Risks - We are exposed to risks and uncertainty related to changes in trade policies, and increased tariffs and trade disputes &#8221; in Part II, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal 2026 and 2025 each contain 52 weeks and the first three months of fiscal 2026 and 2025 each contained 13 weeks. 

The following table presents certain significant measurements for the periods presented: 

&#160; &#160; Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions, except per share amounts and percentages) Revenue $ 7,012 $ 7,166 $ (154) Gross margin 49.0 % 48.8 % 0.2 points Operating income $ 1,831 $ 2,175 $ (344) Operating margin 26.1 % 30.4 % (4.3) points Net income $ 2,026 $ 1,185 $ 841 Earnings per diluted share $ 2.54 $ 1.45 $ 1.09 

Revenue 

Revenue by segment for the periods presented were as follows: 

Three Months Ended &#160; January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Semiconductor Systems $ 5,141 73 % $ 5,597 78 % (8) % Applied Global Services 1,559 22 % 1,353 19 % 15 % Other 312 5 % 216 3 % 44 % Total $ 7,012 100 % $ 7,166 100 % (2) % 

Revenue for Semiconductor Systems by market for the periods presented were as follows: 

Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Foundry, logic and other 62 % 69 % Dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) 34 % 27 % Flash memory (NAND) 4 % 4 % 100 % 100 % 

Revenue in the three months ended January 25, 2026 decreased as compared to the same period in the prior year. Gross margin in the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by an increase in average selling prices and lower material and manufacturing costs, partially offset by lower revenue and unfavorable changes in customer and product mix. 

The Semiconductor Systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of revenue. Semiconductor Systems revenue decreased for the three months ended January 25, 2026 compared to the same period in the prior year. Foundry and logic customers&#8217; spending decreased for the three months ended January 25, 2026, compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by reduced demand for trailing edge logic systems. Memory customers&#8217; spending in the three months ended January 25, 2026 was higher compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to increased customer investments in DRAM technology transitions. 

Our AGS revenue increased in the three months ended January 25, 2026 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher long-term service agreement revenue and customer spending on spares. 

Revenue by geographic region, determined by the location of customers&#8217; facilities to which products were shipped and services were performed, was as follows: 

Three Months Ended &#160; January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions, except percentages) China $ 2,095 30 % $ 2,243 31 % (7) % Korea 1,458 21 % 1,667 23 % (13) % Taiwan 1,722 25 % 1,183 17 % 46 % Japan 525 7 % 540 8 % (3) % Southeast Asia 335 5 % 286 4 % 17 % Asia Pacific 6,135 88 % 5,919 83 % 4 % United States 656 9 % 917 13 % (28) % Europe 221 3 % 330 4 % (33) % Total $ 7,012 100 % $ 7,166 100 % (2) % 

Revenue increased from customers in Taiwan and Southeast Asia in the three months ended January 25, 2026 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to increased investments in semiconductor equipment. 

The decreases in revenue from customers in all other regions in the three months ended January 25, 2026 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to decreased investments in semiconductor equipment. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the periods presented were as follows: 

&#160; Three Months Ended &#160; January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions) Research, development and engineering (RD&#38;E) $ 928 $ 859 $ 69 Marketing and selling $ 222 $ 206 $ 16 General and administrative (G&#38;A) $ 189 $ 256 $ (67) Legal settlement $ 253 $ &#8212; $ 253 Restructuring charges $ 12 $ &#8212; $ 12 

RD&#38;E expenses for the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to additional headcount to support our ongoing investments in product development initiatives and higher depreciation expenses, consistent with our growth strategy. We continued to prioritize RD&#38;E investments in technical capabilities and critical RD&#38;E programs in current and new markets. 

Marketing and selling expenses for the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher employee related expenses and higher corporate support cost allocations. 

G&#38;A expenses for the three months ended January 25, 2026 decreased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to lower corporate support cost allocations and lower spending on professional services. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we recorded a charge of $253 million related to a previously disclosed export controls compliance matter, and subsequently entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the matter. See the information under the heading &#8220;Legal Matters&#8221; in Note 13 &#160; of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for information regarding this matter and the settlement agreement. 

In the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we recognized $12 million in restructuring charges, consisting primarily of severance and other employment termination benefits incurred in connection with the approved Fiscal 2025 Restructuring Plan. 

Interest Expense and Interest and Other Income (expense), net 

Interest expense and interest and other income (expense), net for the periods presented were as follows: 

&#160; Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions) Interest expense $ 69 $ 64 $ 5 Interest and other income (expense), net $ 566 $ 8 $ 558 

Interest expense incurred was primarily associated with our senior unsecured notes. Interest expense in the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to our issuance of senior unsecured notes in September 2025. 

Interest and other income (expense), net in the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by higher net gain on equity investments, partially offset by lower interest income driven by a decrease in market rates. 

Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the periods presented were as follows: 

&#160; Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 302 $ 934 $ (632) Effective income tax rate 13.0 % 44.1 % (31.1) points 

Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income, which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. It is also affected by events that vary from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years&#8217; income tax filings. 

Our effective tax rates for the first quarter of fiscal 2026 and 2025 were 13.0 percent and 44.1 percent, respectively. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of fiscal 2026 was lower compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, primarily due to the immediate expensing of U.S. performed research costs in fiscal 2026 and the remeasurement of deferred tax assets related to new tax incentive agreements in Singapore in fiscal 2025. 

Segment Operating Income (Loss) 

Operating income (loss) by segment for the periods presented were as follows: 

&#160; Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 Change &#160; (In millions, except percentages and ratios) Operating income (loss) Semiconductor Systems $ 1,427 $ 1,872 $ (445) (24) % Applied Global Services 438 336 102 30 % Other (34) (33) (1) 3 % Total $ 1,831 $ 2,175 $ (344) Operating margin Semiconductor Systems 27.8 % 33.4 % (5.6) points Applied Global Services 28.1 % 24.8 % 3.3 points 

Semiconductor Systems&#8217; operating margin for the three months ended January 25, 2026 decreased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily driven by a legal settlement charge related to a previously disclosed export controls compliance matter, lower revenue and increased RD&#38;E expenses, partially offset by an increase in average selling prices and lower material and manufacturing costs. 

AGS&#8217; operating margin for the three months ended January 25, 2026 increased compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher revenue from services and spares. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities. In December 2025, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued an accounting standard update establishing authoritative guidance on the accounting for government grants received by business entities, including grants related to an asset and grants related to income. This authoritative guidance will be effective for us beginning with our interim and annual reporting for fiscal year 2030, with early adoption permitted. The standard allows for adoption on a modified prospective, modified retrospective, or full retrospective basis. We are evaluating the effect of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software. In September 2025, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to increase the operability of the recognition guidance considering different methods of software development by replacing the current stage-based capitalization model with a principles-based approach. Under the new guidance, costs are capitalized once management authorizes and commits to funding the software project, and it is probable that both the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. This authoritative guidance will be effective for us beginning with our interim and annual reporting for fiscal year 2029, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets . In July 2025, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to provide a practical expedient that simplifies the calculation of expected credit losses (Topic 326). The practical expedient allows an entity to assume that current conditions as of the balance sheet date do not change for the remaining life of the asset, therefore, an entity will no longer need to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. This authoritative guidance will be effective for us beginning with our interim and annual reporting for fiscal year 2027, with early adoption permitted. Although this guidance will simplify our process of calculating expected credit losses on accounts receivable and contract assets, we do not expect this guidance to materially impact our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 

Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses . In November 2024, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to improve income statement expenses disclosures (Subtopic 220-40). The standard requires more detailed information related to the types of expenses, including (among other items) the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within each interim and annual income statement&#8217;s expense caption, as applicable. This authoritative guidance can be applied prospectively or retrospectively and will be effective for us in fiscal 2028 for annual periods and in the first quarter of fiscal 2029 for interim periods, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . In December 2023, the FASB issued an accounting standard update to improve income tax disclosures (Topic 740). The standard prescribes specific categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, requires disclosure of income taxes paid by jurisdiction, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. This authoritative guidance will be effective for us beginning with our annual reporting for fiscal year 2026. We are evaluating the effect of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Accounting Standards Adopted 

For a description of recently adopted accounting standards, including the date of adoption and the effect, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 1 &#8220;Basis of Presentation and Recently Adopted Accounting Standards , &#8221; of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our cash, cash equivalents and investments consisted of the following: 

&#160; January 25, 2026 October 26, 2025 &#160; (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,218 $ 7,241 Short-term investments 1,293 1,332 Long-term investments 4,968 4,327 Total cash, cash equivalents and investments $ 13,479 $ 12,900 

Sources and Uses of Cash 

A summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities was as follows: 

&#160; Three Months Ended January 25, 2026 January 26, 2025 &#160; (In millions) Cash provided by operating activities $ 1,686 $ 925 Cash used in investing activities $ (780) $ (897) Cash used in financing activities $ (931) $ (1,786) 

Operating Activities 

Cash from operating activities for the three months ended January 25, 2026 was $1.7 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. Significant non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, gain or loss on investments or asset sale, share-based compensation, deferred income taxes, legal settlement and restructuring charges. Cash provided by operating activities increased in the first three months of fiscal 2026 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to higher collections of customer receivable balances, partially offset by higher payments for income taxes and higher vendor payments. 

We have an agreement with a financial institution to sell accounts receivable from selected customers. We sell our accounts receivable generally without recourse. From time to time, we also discount letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. The discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. Accounts receivable sold during the three months ended January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, were not material. We did not discount letters of credit issued by customers during the three months ended January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, respectively. 

Our working capital was $13.3 billion as of January 25, 2026 and $12.9 billion as of October 26, 2025. 

Days sales outstanding of our accounts receivable at January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025 were 65 days and 76 days, respectively. Days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. The decrease in days sales outstanding was primarily driven by favorable collection performance. 

Investing Activities 

We used $780 million of cash in investing activities during the three months ended January 25, 2026. Capital expenditures totaled $646 million and purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, were $134 million, during the three months ended January 25, 2026. 

Our investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, U.S. Treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. We regularly monitor the credit risk in our investment portfolio and take appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with our investment policies. 

Financing Activities 

We used $931 million of cash in financing activities during the three months ended January 25, 2026, consisting primarily of cash used for repurchases of common stock of $337 million, cash dividends paid to stockholders totaling $365 million, and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $229 million. 

We currently anticipate that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders. 

In March 2025, our Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing $10.0 billion in repurchases, which supplemented the previous $10.0 billion authorization approved in March 2023. As of January 25, 2026, approximately $13.6 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under the repurchase program. 

We have credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to an aggregate amount of $4.1 billion. These credit facilities consist of a $2.0 billion five-year committed revolving credit agreement with a group of banks (Five-Year Credit Agreement), a $2.0 billion 364-day committed revolving credit agreement with a group of banks (364-Day Credit Agreement), and revolving credit facilities with Japanese banks pursuant to which we may borrow up to approximately $51 million in aggregate at any time. The Five-Year Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in February 2030, unless extended as permitted under the terms of the agreement. The 364-Day Credit Agreement is scheduled to expire in September 2026, provided, however, if any loans are outstanding on the maturity date, we may convert all or part of such loans to term loans that will mature in September 2027, subject to payment of a fee by us and other customary conditions. The Five-Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement each includes financial and other covenants with which we were in compliance as of January 25, 2026. No amounts were outstanding under any of these credit facilities as of January 25, 2026. See Note 9, Borrowing Facilities and Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for further discussion related to our Revolving Credit Agreement and other credit facilities. 

We have a short-term commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a total of $4.0 billion. The proceeds from the issuances of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. As of January 25, 2026, we had commercial paper notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $100 million. 

We had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6.5 billion outstanding as of January 25, 2026. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional discussion of existing debt. 

We may seek to refinance our existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on our capital requirements, general corporate purposes and the availability of financing. 

In the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either us or our subsidiaries. We also have agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for additional discussion related to our guarantee agreements and arrangements. 

Other 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The Tax Act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The transition tax expense has been paid in installments starting with fiscal 2018, and as of January 25, 2026, we had one remaining payment of $255 million, payable in February of 2026. 

On August 9, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act (CHIPS Act). The CHIPS Act creates a 25% investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing. The credit is provided for qualifying property, which is placed in service after December 31, 2022, for which construction begins before January 1, 2027, and is treated as a government grant recognized against property, plant and equipment and a reduction of income taxes payable or an increase to taxes receivable for any credit expected to be refunded. We recognize this investment tax credit when there is reasonable assurance that we will qualify for the credit and the benefit will be received. As of January 25, 2026, we have recorded $975 million of investment tax credits, of which $302 million was recorded in other current assets and will offset fiscal 2026 income tax liabilities, and $673 million was recorded in deferred income taxes and other assets and is expected to be refunded. 

On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA). The OBBBA includes a broad range of tax reform provisions including extending and modifying certain key Tax Act provisions and expanding certain CHIPS Act incentives. These changes include full expensing of domestic research costs, immediate expensing of qualifying property and increasing the investment tax credit for certain investments in domestic semiconductor manufacturing from 25% to 35%. Key tax provisions of the OBBBA are designed to accelerate tax deductions but that may have a detrimental impact on our ability to use certain tax credits. The use of certain tax credits may not be economically viable if it requires electing to forgo significant tax deductions. Most of the provisions are effective beginning in fiscal years 2026 or 2027. The most impactful provisions in fiscal year 2026 include immediate expensing of U.S. performed research costs and the increase in the investment tax credit from 25% to 35% for qualifying property placed in service after December 31, 2025. 

Various countries where we do business have enacted or plan to enact new tax laws to implement the global minimum tax regimes based on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, and where enacted, the rules began to be effective in fiscal 2025. The currently enacted legislation is expected to materially increase our foreign taxes beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, primarily due to the implementation of the global minimum tax regime in Singapore. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these rules on our results of operations and cash flows. Tax authorities and standard-setting bodies continue to issue new guidance, and the ultimate impact of these rules remains subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation. The adoption and effective dates of these rules vary by country and could increase tax complexity and uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes in future years. 

We have been granted additional conditional reduced tax rates in Singapore that expire beginning in fiscal 2030. 

Although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, our management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. For further details regarding our operating, investing and financing activities, see the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows in this report. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. 

Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. In addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. These uncertainties include those discussed in Part II, Item 1A, &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; 

Consistent with what we disclosed in Item 7 of our fiscal 2025 Form 10-K that was filed on December&#8239;12, 2025, management believes that Income Taxes are a critical accounting estimate. 



 Item 1A: Risk Factors 

The risk factors set forth below include any material changes to, and supersede the description of, the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our most recent Form 10-K. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and should be carefully considered in evaluating our business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere in this report. 

Business and Industry Risks 

The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict. 

The industries in which we operate, including the global semiconductor industry, have historically been cyclical and are subject to volatility in customer demand. Demand for our products and services is impacted by technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies and market drivers, production capacity relative to demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, end-user demand, the timing of customers&#8217; investment in new or expanded fabrication plants, customers&#8217; capacity utilization, production volumes, access to affordable capital, business and consumer buying patterns and general economic and political conditions. Artificial intelligence (AI) and technologies related to AI are a significant demand driver for the industries we serve. AI is evolving rapidly and the expected timing and amount of investments related to AI can change significantly. As a result, it is difficult to accurately forecast demand for our products related to AI. Changes in demand can affect the timing and amounts of customer investments in technology and manufacturing equipment and can significantly impact our operating results. The amount and mix of our customers&#8217; capital equipment spending between different products and technologies can also significantly impact our operating results. 

To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory and other components of our business. We may incur unexpected or additional costs to align our business operations with changes in demand. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. Even with effective allocation of resources and management of costs, our gross and operating margins, cash flows and earnings may be adversely impacted during periods of changing demand. 

We are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy. 

Our business and the industries we serve are subject to uncertain and adverse economic and business conditions, including volatility in financial markets, national debt, fiscal or monetary concerns, inflation, changes in interest rates, bank failures, tariffs and trade policies, and economic recession. These conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, our customers to delay, cancel or reduce purchases of our equipment or services. Customers may also scale back operations, exit businesses, consolidate, or file for bankruptcy. Consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers could also intensify competition and adversely affect our market position. These conditions make it more difficult to forecast operating and financial results and make business and investment decisions. We may be required to implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which could impair our ability to capitalize on opportunities. Even during periods of economic uncertainty or lower demand, we must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support our customers. The consequences of these conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our investment portfolio is subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by inflation, rising interest rates, bank failures or economic recession. These factors could reduce the value or liquidity of our investments or pension assets and result in impairment charges. We also maintain cash balances at financial institutions worldwide, and the insolvency of any such institution could restrict access to our cash and adversely affect our ability to manage operations. 

We are exposed to the risks of operating a global business. 

We have product development, engineering, manufacturing, sales and other operations distributed throughout many countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in certain geographic areas. In the three-month period ended January 25, 2026, approximately 91% of our revenue was from customers in regions outside the United States. As a result of the global nature of our operations, we are subject to a number of factors that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include global political and social conditions, such as policies or regulations within countries, including in China, the United States and countries in Europe and Asia, that favor domestic companies over non-domestic companies, including efforts to promote the development and growth of local competitors to us, or regarding national, commercial or security issues. Other factors include geopolitical turmoil, acts of war or social unrest; our ability to maintain appropriate business processes, procedures and internal controls in our geographically diverse operations; delays or restrictions on personnel travel and in shipping materials or products; our ability to develop relationships with local 

customers, suppliers and governments; performance of our geographically diverse third-party providers; impacts of regional or global health epidemics, natural disasters and extreme and chronic weather events; fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates; as well as other factors discussed in this Risk Factors section. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business and manufacturing operations or demand for our products and services, and our performance and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade policies and export regulations, including import and export license requirements, trade sanctions, tariffs and international trade disputes, have adversely impacted and could further adversely impact our business and operations, and reduce the competitiveness of our products and services relative to local and global competitors. 

A majority of our products and services are delivered to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States, including China, Taiwan and Korea. We also purchase a significant portion of equipment and supplies from suppliers outside of the United States. There is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among the United States and the countries in which we conduct our business, that political, diplomatic and national security factors can lead to global trade restrictions and changes in trade policies and export regulations that affect the semiconductor industry. The United States and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose new trade restrictions and export regulations, have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods and could significantly increase or impose new tariffs on a broad array of goods. Trade restrictions and export regulations, or increased or new tariffs and additional taxes, including any retaliatory measures, can negatively impact end-user demand and customer investment in semiconductor equipment, increase our supply chain complexity and our manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or restrict our ability to sell products, provide services or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, any or all of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

For example, certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses, and our inability to obtain such licenses has limited and could further limit our markets and negatively impact our business. Over the past several years, the U.S. government announced additional export regulations for U.S. semiconductor technology sold in China, including wafer fabrication equipment and related parts and services, with disparate impact on companies in different jurisdictions, which have limited the market for certain of our products and services, adversely impacted our revenues and increased our exposure to foreign and Chinese domestic competition. The U.S. Department of Commerce expanded export license requirements for U.S. companies that sell certain products or provide certain services to entities in China whose actions or functions are intended to support military end uses, eliminated certain export license exceptions for exports of certain items to China, added certain Chinese companies to its &#8220;Entity List,&#8221; making those companies subject to additional licensing requirements, and expanded licensing requirements for exports to China of items for use in the development or production of integrated circuits and certain technologies. These regulations require us to obtain additional export licenses to supply certain of our products or provide services to certain customers in China. Obtaining export licenses may be difficult and time-consuming, and there is no assurance we will be issued licenses on a timely basis or at all. Our inability to obtain such licenses could limit our sales in China, may cause us to be displaced by foreign and Chinese domestic companies and adversely affect our results of operations. The implementation and interpretation of these complex rules and other regulatory actions taken by the U.S. government are uncertain and evolving and may make it more challenging for us to manage our operations and forecast our operating results. The U.S. and other governments may promulgate new or additional export licensing or other requirements that have the effect of further limiting our ability to provide certain products and services to customers outside the U.S., including China. The U.S. government may also revise or expand existing requirements or issue guidance clarifying the scope and application of these requirements, which could change the impact of these rules on our business and manufacturing operations. The U.S. government may also continue to add customers to its &#8220;Entity List,&#8221; promulgate additional restrictions, or take measures that could disrupt our product shipments or the provision of services to certain customers. These and other potential future regulatory changes could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

As a global business with customers, suppliers and operations in many countries around the world, from time to time we may receive inquiries from government authorities about transactions between us and certain foreign entities. For example, we have previously received subpoenas from government authorities requesting information relating to export controls compliance. On February 11, 2026, we entered into a settlement agreement with the U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) to resolve its inquiry relating to certain China customer shipments and export controls compliance and agreed to pay BIS $253 million, as well as conduct certain internal audits and maintain export compliance training and reporting mechanisms. Our failure to comply with the terms of the settlement agreement could result in significant penalties, including the loss of the suspension of the denial order which would prohibit us from exporting certain of our products outside of the United States. Any inquiries we may receive are subject to uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of any governmental inquiries or proceedings that may occur. Any violation or alleged violation of law or regulations could result in significant legal costs or in legal proceedings in which we or our employees could be subjected to fines and penalties and could 

result in restrictions on our business and damage to our global brand and reputation, and could have a material and adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions that require the use of local suppliers or partnerships with local companies, require the license or other transfer of sensitive data or intellectual property, or engage in other efforts to promote local businesses and local competitors, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Many of these challenges are present in China and Korea, markets that represent a significant portion of our business. 

We are exposed to risks and uncertainty related to changes in trade policies, and increased tariffs and trade disputes. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by uncertainty and changes in trade policies, including tariffs, and trade disputes between the United States and other countries. The United States has announced changes to its trade policy, including increased tariffs on imports. These actions have caused substantial uncertainty and have resulted in retaliatory measures, including new tariffs on U.S. goods imposed by China and other countries. Some of these actions have been followed by announcements of limited exemptions and temporary pauses and trade frameworks with certain countries. 

A significant number of our customers and suppliers are located outside of the United States. Increases in tariffs increase our costs and can negatively impact our margins and reduce the competitiveness of our products due to the increase in the cost of importing materials, parts and components used in manufacturing our products. Tariffs can also increase supply chain complexity and may make it more difficult to purchase necessary equipment and supplies to manufacture our products. Increases in tariffs, including reciprocal and sector-based tariffs, also increase the cost to our customers of importing our products, which could harm customer demand for our products. Uncertainty or volatility with respect to tariffs and trade disputes may also make it difficult for us and our customers and suppliers to make and execute business and capital equipment investment plans; lead to global or regional inflation and economic recession and reduce demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices; cause our customers to delay or cancel orders or negatively impact our competitive position; impede our ability to purchase materials, including critical materials and minerals, and disrupt supply chain and logistics. For example, in 2025 the Chinese government implemented export controls on the export of rare earth minerals that are used in certain of our products and may implement additional controls in the future. We may take actions to mitigate the impact of increases in tariffs and changes in trade policies, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful, and any such actions could result in additional costs, manufacturing delays or other difficulties, as well as additional risks, and may not be effective. Any or all of these factors may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base. 

A relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our business. As a result, the actions of even a single customer have exposed and can further expose our business and operating results to greater volatility. Our customer base is geographically concentrated, particularly in China, Taiwan and Korea, and export regulations that apply to customers in certain countries, such as those in China, have exposed and can further expose us to greater volatility. The geographic concentration of our customer base could shift over time as a result of changes in technology and competitive landscape, as well as government policy and incentives to develop regional semiconductor industries. Sales to individual customers and the mix and type of customers have varied and may continue to vary significantly, which can materially affect our operating results. Our products are configured to customer specifications, and changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. If customers do not place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel orders, we may be unable to replace the business, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, customer concentration increases our exposure to the financial condition of our customers, and any deterioration in a customer&#8217;s financial condition, liquidity, or ability to perform its obligations, or efforts by a customer to obtain pricing, payment, intellectual property-related or other commercial terms that are less favorable to us, could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions or delays, or the failure to accurately forecast customer demand, could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. 

Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the changing requirements of our customers, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Volatility in demand for our products and worldwide demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices can impact our suppliers&#8217; ability to meet our demand requirements and has in the past resulted in a shortage of parts, materials and services needed to manufacture our products. These shortages, as well as delays in and unpredictability of shipments due to transportation interruptions, may adversely impact our manufacturing operations and our ability to meet customer demand. Supply chain constraints may increase costs of logistics and parts for our products and may cause us to pass on increased costs to our customers, which may lead to reduced demand for our products. Supply chain disruptions have in the past caused, and 

may from time to time cause, delays in our equipment production and delivery schedules, which can lead to our business performance becoming significantly dependent on quarter-end production and delivery schedules. 

We may further experience supply chain disruptions, significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver or install products or services, increased costs, customer order cancellations or reduced demand for our products as a result of: 

&#8226; global trade issues and changes in and uncertainties with respect to trade and export regulations, trade policies and sanctions, tariffs, international trade disputes, particularly those relating to exports of certain technologies to China, where a significant portion of our supply chain is located, and any retaliatory measures, that adversely impact us or our direct or sub-tier suppliers; 

&#8226; political instability, social unrest, terrorism, acts of war or other geopolitical turmoil in locations where we or our customers or suppliers have operations; 

&#8226; the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain quality parts on a cost-effective basis; 

&#8226; cybersecurity incidents affecting our supply chain; 

&#8226; volatility in the availability and cost of parts, commodities, energy and shipping related to our products, including increased costs due to rising inflation or interest rates or other market conditions, as well as uncertainties arising from the imposition of tariffs and any retaliatory measures; 

&#8226; difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export licenses and approvals; 

&#8226; shipment delays due to transportation interruptions or capacity constraints; 

&#8226; a worldwide shortage of semiconductor components as a result of sharp increases in demand for semiconductor products in general; 

&#8226; limited availability of critical materials and minerals, including due to any Chinese government restrictions on the export of rare earth minerals, and limited feasible alternatives to materials subject to existing or proposed regulations to limit their use (such as hydrofluorocarbons and per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances), which are found in parts, components, process chemicals and other materials supplied to us or used in the manufacturing or operations of our products; and 

&#8226; impacts of natural disasters, extreme and chronic weather events, regional or global health epidemics, or other events beyond our control. 

If a supplier fails to meet our requirements concerning quality, cost, intellectual property protection or other performance factors, or does not meet regulatory requirements applicable to our supply chain, we may transfer our business to alternative sources, which could result in manufacturing delays, additional costs or other difficulties, and impair our ability to protect, enforce and extract the full value of our intellectual property rights and the intellectual property rights of our customers and other third parties. 

If we need to rapidly increase our business and manufacturing capacity to meet increases in demand or expedited shipment schedules, this may strain our manufacturing and supply chain operations and negatively impact our working capital. If we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products, we may purchase more or fewer parts than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or expediting delivery of parts. If we purchase or commit to purchase inventory in anticipation of customer demand that does not materialize, or the inventory is rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of technological change, or if customers reduce, delay or cancel orders, we may incur excess or obsolete inventory charges. 

Any of these events impacting our supply chain could affect our ability to meet our customers&#8217; demand, result in higher costs to us and have an adverse effect on customer relationships and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to various factors that impact the industries in which we operate, including factors specific to the semiconductor industry. 

The industries in which we operate are characterized by factors that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services and our operating results. The largest proportion of our revenue and profitability is derived from our Semiconductor Systems segment&#8217;s sale of a wide range of equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and a majority of the revenue of Applied Global Services is from sales to semiconductor manufacturers. The semiconductor industry and other industries in which we operate are characterized by factors particular to these industries that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services, including: 

&#8226; changes in demand for semiconductor chips and electronic devices, including those related to fluctuations in consumer buying patterns tied to general economic or geopolitical conditions, seasonality or product introductions; 

&#8226; the frequency, complexity and timing of technology transitions and inflections, and our ability to anticipate and adapt to them; 

&#8226; changes in demand for semiconductor chips due to changes in the timing of, level of investment in, or technologies used in the buildout of data centers; 

&#8226; increasing costs and complexity in research and development, including due to shrinking geometries, new materials and device structures, more applications and process steps, chip design costs, and integrated manufacturing processes; 

&#8226; the number of types and varieties of semiconductors and number of applications; 

&#8226; high capital requirements for building and operating fabrication plants and customers&#8217; ability to obtain funding; 

&#8226; trade, regulatory, tax or government incentives impacting customers&#8217; investment in new or expanded fabrication plants and semiconductor research and development; 

&#8226; the cost and complexity for customers to move from product design to volume manufacturing, and the impact on investment in capital equipment; 

&#8226; growth rates in the semiconductor industry and variability in semiconductor manufacturers&#8217; capital expenditures, including allocation of capital to market segments we do not serve, such as lithography, or where our products have lower relative market presence; 

&#8226; delays in installation of our equipment delivered to customers; 

&#8226; the importance of increasing market positions in segments with growing demand; 

&#8226; customers&#8217; ability to reconfigure or reuse existing equipment, reducing demand for new equipment and services and increasing challenges in parts availability; 

&#8226; the availability of spare parts to maximize the time that customers&#8217; systems are available for production; 

&#8226; shorter order placement and shipment cycle times that increase reliance on forecasting customer investment, which may lead to inventory write-offs and manufacturing inefficiencies that decrease gross margin; 

&#8226; competitive factors that make it difficult to enhance position, including total cost of manufacturing system ownership and other challenges in securing development-tool-of-record (DTOR) and production-tool-of-record (PTOR) positions with customers; 

&#8226; consolidation among semiconductor manufacturers and semiconductor equipment suppliers; 

&#8226; shifts in sourcing strategies by computer and electronics companies, and manufacturing processes for advanced circuit technologies, that impact the equipment requirements of our foundry customers; 

&#8226; fragmentation of semiconductor markets, including markets too small to support new fabrication plants or that require less technologically advanced products; 

&#8226; the importance of specialty markets (such as internet of things, communications, automotive, power and sensors) that use process technologies that have a low barrier to entry; 

&#8226; the increasing role for and complexity of software in our products; 

&#8226; the focus on reducing energy usage and improving the environmental impact and sustainability associated with manufacturing operations, and the availability of adequate and reliable sources of energy; and 

&#8226; the importance of advanced packaging to AI computing. 

If we do not effectively address these factors, accurately forecast and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, successfully develop and commercialize products to meet demand for new technologies, and effectively address industry trends, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. 

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market changes. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment in which innovation is critical, and our future success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to technology inflections, evolving customer requirements, competitor innovations, and changes in market demand. The development, introduction and support of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment requires collaboration with customers and other industry participants, which has grown more complex and costly. New or improved products may entail higher costs and longer development cycles, and may have unforeseen product design or manufacturing defects. To compete successfully, we must: 

&#8226; develop new products and disruptive technologies, improve and develop new applications for existing products, and adapt products for use by customers in different applications and markets with varying technical requirements; 

&#8226; complete our new Equipment and Process Innovation and Commercialization Center and other major infrastructure projects on schedule and on budget, and realize the anticipated benefits of those projects; 

&#8226; differentiate our products from those of competitors, meet customers&#8217; performance specifications, and successfully commercialize our products and achieve market acceptance; 

&#8226; maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications and customer requirements; 

&#8226; enhance our worldwide operations across our businesses to reduce cycle time, enable continuous quality improvement, reduce costs, and enhance design for manufacturability and serviceability; 

&#8226; focus on product development and sales and marketing strategies that address customers&#8217; high value problems and strengthen customer relationships; 

&#8226; effectively allocate resources between our existing products and markets, the development of new products, and expanding into new and adjacent markets; 

&#8226; improve the productivity of capital invested in research and development activities; 

&#8226; accurately forecast demand, work with suppliers and meet production schedules for our products, improve our manufacturing processes and achieve cost efficiencies across product offerings; and 

&#8226; implement changes in our design engineering methodology to reduce material costs and cycle time and improve product life cycle management. 

If we fail to anticipate or respond effectively to technology inflections or competitive or market developments, or if we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize new products, our business performance and operating results may be materially and adversely impacted. 

We are exposed to risks related to government incentives and other agreements that may involve government entities. 

From time to time, we enter into agreements with government entities for grants, tax benefits and other incentives, other funding related to our investment, research and development and production activities or for sale of our products to government entities or government-funded programs. These agreements typically include terms that are not common in similar agreements with non-governmental entities, including representations and warranties, covenants and certifications, and record-keeping, accounting, audit, intellectual property rights-sharing, information handling, supply chain management, headcount, security, disclosure and other requirements. These agreements may also require us to achieve or maintain certain levels of investment, capital spending and performance milestones. Compliance with these requirements may add complexity to our operations and increase our costs, and a failure to comply could result in cancellation of agreements or transactions, investigations, civil and criminal penalties, forfeiture of profits, reduction, termination or clawback of any funding, suspension or debarment from doing business with the government, or other penalties, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to factors specific to the display industry. 

We are a supplier to the global display industry, which has experienced considerable volatility in capital equipment investment levels, due in part to the limited number of display manufacturers, the concentrated nature of end-use applications, production capacity relative to end-use demand, the speed of adopting new technologies and panel manufacturer profitability. Industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced TVs, and on demand for advanced smartphones and mobile device displays, which demand is highly sensitive to cost and improvements in technologies and features. Demand for and the profitability of our display products and services is impacted by the foregoing industry factors, as well as the introduction of and rate of transition to new types of display technologies, our ability to anticipate and adapt to technology transitions and inflections, and the expansion of display manufacturing facilities in China. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize products to meet demand for new and emerging display technologies, or if industry demand for display fabrication equipment and technologies does not grow, our business and our operating results may be adversely impacted. 

We are exposed to risks associated with expanding into new and related markets and industries. 

As part of our growth strategy, we seek to continue to expand into related or new markets and industries, either with our existing products or with new products developed internally, or those developed in collaboration with third parties, or obtained 

through acquisitions. Our ability to successfully expand our business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

&#8226; the need to devote additional resources to develop new products for, and operate in, new markets; 

&#8226; the need to develop new sales and technical marketing strategies and to develop relationships with new customers; 

&#8226; differing rates of profitability and growth among multiple businesses; 

&#8226; our ability to anticipate demand, capitalize on opportunities and avoid or minimize risks; 

&#8226; the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management and logistics; 

&#8226; the adoption of new business models, business processes and systems; 

&#8226; the complexity of entering into and effectively managing strategic alliances or partnering opportunities; 

&#8226; the need to attract, motivate and retain employees with skills and expertise in these new areas; 

&#8226; new and more diverse customers and suppliers, including some with limited operating histories, uncertain or limited funding, evolving business models or locations in regions where we do not have, or have limited, operations; 

&#8226; new or different competitors with potentially more financial or other resources, industry experience and established customer relationships; 

&#8226; entry into new industries and countries, with differing levels of government involvement, laws and regulations, and business, employment and safety practices and requirements; 

&#8226; third parties&#8217; intellectual property rights; and 

&#8226; the need to comply with, or work to establish, industry standards and practices. 

We may invest significant resources towards expanding into related or new markets and industries, and there can be no assurance that our products and services will achieve market acceptance or be profitable. Demand for our products and services depends on the success of the markets and industries we seek to expand into, and the failure of any of those markets and industries could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to risks related to the use of AI by us and our competitors. 

We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies, our business operations and our products and services. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving and may subject us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, operational and other risks. The implementation of AI can be costly, and there is no guarantee that our use of AI will enhance our technologies, benefit our business operations, or produce products and services that are preferred by our customers. Our competitors may be more successful in their AI strategy and develop superior products and services with the aid of AI technology. Additionally, AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed, and datasets may contain irrelevant, insufficient or biased information, which can cause errors in outputs. This may give rise to legal liability, damage our reputation, and materially harm our business. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. We also utilize third-party providers of AI capabilities, and our ability to implement AI successfully in our business operations relies on our continued access to third-party providers and safeguards implemented by them. Additionally, AI technology may also create ethical issues, which could impair market adoption of such technology and impair demand for our products and services. Furthermore, the United States and other countries may adopt laws and regulations related to AI. These laws and regulations could cause us to incur greater compliance costs and limit the use of AI in the development of our products and services. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with these regulatory requirements could subject us to legal liabilities, damage our reputation, or otherwise have a material and adverse impact on our business. 

Operational and Financial Risks 

We are exposed to risks related to protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. 

Our success depends on the protection of our technology using patents, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. Infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, such as the manufacture or sale of equipment or spare parts that use our technology without authorization, could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities. Detecting and preventing misuse of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and we cannot be certain that our protective measures will be successful. Our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to litigation risks and uncertainty as to the protection and enforceability of those rights in some countries. Enforcement efforts may be subject to 

claims that our rights are invalid or unenforceable and may result in counterclaims against us, which could have a negative impact on our business. If we are unable to enforce and protect intellectual property rights, or if they are circumvented, rendered obsolete, invalidated by the rapid pace of technological change, or stolen or misappropriated by employees or third parties, it could have an adverse impact on our competitive position and business. Changes in intellectual property laws or their interpretation may impact our ability to protect and assert our intellectual property rights, increase costs and uncertainties in the prosecution of patent applications or related enforcement actions and diminish the value and competitive advantage conferred by our intellectual property assets. 

From time to time third parties have asserted, and may continue to assert, intellectual property claims against us and our products. Claims that our products infringe the rights of others, whether or not meritorious, can be expensive and time-consuming to defend and resolve, and may divert the efforts and attention of management and personnel. The inability to obtain rights to use third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms could have an adverse impact on our business. We may face claims based on the theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets and other confidential business information. Any of these incidents and claims could severely harm our business and reputation, result in significant expenses, harm our competitive position, and prevent us from selling certain products, all of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

We are exposed to cybersecurity threats and incidents. 

In the conduct of our business, we use information technology systems, including systems owned and maintained by us or our third-party providers, to collect, transmit, store and otherwise process data, including confidential information and intellectual property belonging to us or our customers or other business partners, and personal information of individuals. These technologies are subject to disruptions, outages, failures and cybersecurity breaches or incidents arising from a variety of factors, and we and our third-party providers expect to continue to experience such incidents. Cybersecurity incidents may include physical attacks on computer systems or network infrastructure; employee or contractor error, misuse or unauthorized access; attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems or data; as well as sophisticated cyberattacks or advanced persistent threats, any of which may impact us directly or through our third-party providers and global supply chain. Threat actors may seek to manipulate our employees, suppliers, third-party providers or customers to gain access to our, our customers&#8217; or business partners&#8217; data. Cybersecurity attacks are increasing and attackers are increasingly organized and well-financed, or at times supported by state actors. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may further increase cybersecurity risk. Threat actors&#8217; techniques evolve rapidly and may increasingly incorporate new technologies, including AI and quantum computing. AI and deepfake technologies may enable more effective phishing, social engineering or exploitation of electronic security programs utilizing false image or voice recognition. Vulnerabilities, technical errors and other risks may be introduced through the use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers and other business partners and third-party providers, or through the use of third-party hardware and software. Advances in quantum computing could undermine current encryption standards and allow threat actors to bypass security measures. Although we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents impacting our information systems that have had a material impact on us to date, we continue to devote significant resources to network security, data encryption and other measures to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in the future. We may be unable to anticipate, prevent or remediate future incidents, and in some instances, we may be unaware of incidents or their scope, particularly as attackers may evade controls or remove forensic evidence. Cybersecurity incidents may result in delays in our product development and delivery; disruptions to our manufacturing, communications and reporting of financial results; theft or misappropriation of intellectual property or critical data belonging to us or our customers; corruption, loss of, or inability to access (e.g., through ransomware or denial of service) confidential information and critical data; reputational damage; private claims, demands, litigation and regulatory inquiries, enforcement actions or other proceedings; diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering; and increased costs associated with cybersecurity detection, prevention and remediation. We are subject to changing laws, regulations and contractual and other obligations concerning privacy, cybersecurity and data protection, including restrictions on cross-border data transfers and data localization as well as increasingly rigorous contractual provisions demanded by our customers and third-party providers. Compliance with these obligations may require significant expenditures, and any actual or alleged failure to comply could result in inquiries, enforcement actions and other proceedings by regulators or other third parties. 

We are exposed to risks associated with business combinations, acquisitions, strategic investments and divestitures. 

We may engage in acquisitions of or investments in companies, technologies or products in existing, related or new markets. Business combinations, acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks to our business, financial condition and operating results, including: 

&#8226; inability to complete proposed transactions timely or at all due to the failure to obtain regulatory or other approvals, including through expanding global national security regimes that impose prohibitions on foreign investments in or acquisitions of local businesses; litigation or other disputes, and any ensuing obligation to pay a termination fee; 

&#8226; diversion of management&#8217;s attention and disruption of ongoing businesses; 

&#8226; the failure to realize expected revenues, gross and operating margins, net income and other returns from acquired businesses; 

&#8226; requirements imposed by government regulators in connection with their review of a transaction, including post-closing investigations of non-notified transactions, which may include, among other things, divestitures and restrictions on the conduct of our existing business or the acquired business; 

&#8226; following completion of acquisitions, ineffective integration of businesses, operations, systems, digital and physical security, technologies, products, employees, compliance programs, changes in laws or regulations, including tax laws, or other factors, may impact the ability to realize anticipated synergies or other benefits; 

&#8226; failure to commercialize technologies from acquired businesses or developed through strategic investments; 

&#8226; dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; 

&#8226; inability to capitalize on characteristics of new markets that may be significantly different from our existing markets and where competitors may have stronger market positions and customer relationships; 

&#8226; failure to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses; 

&#8226; the impact of the announcement or consummation of a proposed transaction on relationships with third parties; 

&#8226; changes in our credit rating, which could adversely impact our access to and cost of capital; 

&#8226; increases in debt obligations to finance activities associated with a transaction, which increase interest expense, and reductions in cash balances, which reduce the availability of cash flow for general corporate or other purposes, including share repurchases and dividends; 

&#8226; exposure to new operational risks, rules, regulations, worker expectations, customs and practices to the extent acquired businesses are located in regions where we have not historically conducted business; 

&#8226; challenges associated with managing new, more diverse and more widespread operations, projects and people; 

&#8226; inability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in key technologies; 

&#8226; inadequacy or ineffectiveness of an acquired company&#8217;s internal financial controls, disclosure controls and procedures, cybersecurity, privacy policies and compliance programs, trade control processes or programs, or environmental, health and safety, anti-corruption, human resource or other policies or practices; 

&#8226; impairment of acquired intangible assets and goodwill as a result of changing business conditions, technological advancements or worse-than-expected performance of the segment; 

&#8226; the risk of litigation, government enforcement actions or claims associated with a proposed or completed transaction; 

&#8226; unknown, underestimated, undisclosed or undetected commitments or liabilities, including potential intellectual property infringement claims, or non-compliance with laws, regulations or policies; and 

&#8226; the inappropriate scale of acquired entities&#8217; critical resources or facilities for business needs. 

We make investments in other companies, including companies formed as joint ventures, which may decline in value or not meet desired objectives. The success of these investments depends on various factors over which we may have limited or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures, requires ongoing and effective cooperation with partners. In addition, new legislation, additional regulations or global economic or political conditions may affect or impair our ability to invest in certain countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so. We may not receive the necessary regulatory approvals, or the approvals may come with significant conditions or obligations. The risks to our investment portfolio may be exacerbated by unfavorable financial market and macroeconomic conditions, and as a result, the value of the investment portfolio could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment charges. 

We may seek to divest portions of our business that are not deemed to fit with our strategic plan. Divestitures involve additional risks and uncertainties, such as our ability to sell these businesses at a price and on terms that are satisfactory and in a timely manner or at all, disruption to other parts of the businesses and distraction of management, allocation of internal resources that would otherwise be devoted to completing strategic acquisitions or other strategic projects or initiatives, loss of key employees or customers, loss of access by retained business units to critical intellectual property or other assets transferred with the divested business, exposure to unanticipated liabilities or ongoing obligations to support the businesses following these divestitures and other adverse financial impacts. 

The ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital to our success. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees and leaders with the necessary expertise and capabilities, representing diverse backgrounds and experiences. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management or organizational changes, ongoing competition for talent, the availability of qualified employees, the ability to obtain necessary authorizations for workers to provide services outside their home countries, challenges in hiring and integrating workers in different countries, the attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs, our career growth and development opportunities and our employment policies. If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees and leaders, we may be unable to fully capitalize on current and new market opportunities, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. The loss of knowledgeable and experienced employees may result in unexpected costs, reduced productivity or difficulties with respect to internal processes and controls. 

We operate in jurisdictions with complex and changing tax laws. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities. Our provision for income taxes and effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in applicable tax laws, interpretations of applicable tax laws, amount and composition of pre-tax income in jurisdictions with differing tax rates and valuation of deferred tax assets. 

There have been a number of enacted and proposed changes in the tax laws that could have a material impact on our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate. An increase in our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate could, in turn, have a material and adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, various countries where we do business have enacted or plan to enact new tax laws to implement the global minimum tax regimes based on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project. The currently enacted global minimum tax laws materially increase our foreign taxes beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Additionally, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act enacted in the U.S. contains provisions that are designed to accelerate tax deductions, but that have had and may in the future have a detrimental impact on our ability to use certain deferred tax assets, including our corporate alternative minimum tax credit deferred tax asset. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate the impact, if any, of enacted and proposed changes in the tax laws on our results of operations and cash flows. The adoption and effective dates of changes in the tax laws vary by country and could increase tax complexity and uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes in future years. 

We have been granted additional conditional reduced tax rates in Singapore that expire beginning in fiscal 2030. There is risk our conditional reduced tax rates may not be renewed. 

Consistent with the international nature of our business, we conduct certain manufacturing, supply chain and other operations in Asia, bringing these activities closer to customers and reducing operating costs. In some foreign jurisdictions, we must meet certain requirements to continue to qualify for tax incentives. There is no assurance we will be able to meet such requirements in the future to fully realize benefits from these incentives. Furthermore, the proposed plans to implement global minimum tax regimes could reduce or eliminate the benefits of our tax incentives. 

We are subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities, and from time to time amend previously filed tax returns. We regularly assess the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations and amendments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, which requires estimates and judgments. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no assurance the tax authorities will agree with such estimates. We may have to engage in litigation to achieve the results reflected in the estimates, which may be time-consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that we will be successful or that any final determination will not be materially different from the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and effective tax rates 

Our indebtedness and debt covenants could adversely affect our financial condition and business. 

As of January 25, 2026 we had $6.5 billion of senior unsecured notes outstanding and, pursuant to their terms, we may be required to offer to repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if we experience a change of control and a contemporaneous downgrade of the notes below investment grade. We also have revolving credit facilities that allow us to borrow up to approximately $4.1 billion. While no amounts were outstanding under these credit facilities as of January 25, 2026, we may borrow amounts in the future under these facilities or enter into new financing arrangements. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations is dependent upon the results of our business operations and subject to other risks discussed in this section. If we fail to satisfy our debt obligations, or comply with financial and other debt covenants, we may be in default and any borrowings may become immediately due and payable, and such default may constitute a default under our other obligations. There can be no assurance that we would have sufficient financial resources or be able to arrange financing to repay any borrowings at such time. Significant changes in our credit rating, disruptions in the 

global financial markets, or incurrence of new or refinancing of existing indebtedness at higher interest rates could have a material and adverse impact on our access to and cost of capital for future financings and our financial condition. 

Our business depends on the successful implementation and proper functioning of information systems we use. 

Our business depends on certain information systems, including, enterprise resource planning, product research and development, financial reporting, information technology network management and telecommunications. These systems may be maintained by us or by our third-party vendors. Failures of these systems could disrupt our operations, impede our ability to timely and accurately process and report financial results, and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We periodically implement new or enhanced information systems. Implementation of new business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to our business operations. If the implementation or improvement of information systems is delayed or unsuccessful, we may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies and may experience interruptions in service and operational difficulties, which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may incur impairment charges related to goodwill or long-lived assets. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets related to acquisitions. Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. The review compares the fair value for each of our reporting units to its associated carrying value, including goodwill. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets include adverse industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, declines in the market price of our common stock, changes in our strategies or product portfolio and restructuring activities. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and projections of future operating performance. We have recorded charges to earnings, and may in the future be required to record charges to earnings, when impairments of goodwill or intangible assets have been determined to exist. 

We may not continue to declare cash dividends or repurchase our shares. 

Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to repurchase our shares is subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends and share repurchases are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with applicable laws and agreements. Future dividends and share repurchases may be affected by, among other factors, our cash flow; potential future capital requirements for investments, acquisitions, infrastructure projects and research and development; changes in applicable tax, corporate, or other laws; contractual restrictions, such as financial or operating covenants in our debt arrangements; and changes to our business model. Our dividend payments and share repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares in any particular amounts or at all. A reduction or suspension in our dividend payments or share repurchases could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. 

Legal, Compliance and Other Risks 

We are exposed to risks related to legal proceedings, claims and investigations. 

From time to time we are, and in the future may be, involved in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement, trade secret misappropriation, other intellectual property rights, trade compliance, including import, export and customs, antitrust, anti-corruption, compliance with government contracting requirements, environmental regulations, cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, securities, contracts, product performance, product liability, unfair competition, employment, workplace safety and other matters. We may receive, and have received, inquiries, warrants, subpoenas, and other requests for information in connection with government investigations of potential or suspected violations of law or regulations by our company or our employees. We also on occasion receive notifications from customers who believe we owe them indemnification, product warranty or have other obligations related to claims made against such customers by third parties. 

Legal proceedings, claims and government investigations, whether with or without merit, and internal investigations, have been and in the future may be time-consuming and expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct; divert management&#8217;s attention and our other resources; constrain our ability to sell our products and services; result in adverse judgments for damages, injunctive relief, penalties and fines; and negatively affect our business. We cannot predict the outcome of current or future legal proceedings, claims or investigations. 

We are exposed to risks related to the global regulatory environment. 

We are subject to the laws of the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, including those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, securities, corporate governance, public procurement and public funding, intellectual property, tax, trade (including import, export and customs regulations), antitrust, cybersecurity, environment, health and safety, employment, immigration and travel regulations, human rights, privacy, data protection and localization and anti-corruption. Changing, inconsistent or conflicting laws, rules and regulations, and ambiguities in their interpretation and application create uncertainty and challenges, and compliance may be onerous and expensive, divert management time and attention and otherwise adversely impact our business operations. Violations of these laws, rules and regulations could result in fines, criminal penalties, restrictions on our business, and damage to our reputation, and could have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

Implementation and reporting on our sustainability strategies and targets could result in additional costs, and our inability to achieve them could have an adverse impact on our reputation and performance. 

We periodically communicate our strategies and targets related to sustainability matters. These strategies and targets, and their underlying assumptions, reflect our current plans and aspirations, and we may be unable to achieve them. Changing customer and shareholder sustainability expectations, including increasing customer demand for sustainable products, and regulatory requirements, as well as actions taken to achieve our sustainability targets, could cause us to incur substantial expense and alter our manufacturing, operations or equipment designs and processes. Any failure or perceived failure to timely meet these sustainability requirements, expectations or targets, or a failure to realize the anticipated benefits of planned investments and technology innovations related to sustainability, could adversely impact the demand for our products and subject us to significant costs and liabilities and reputational risks that could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, standards and processes for measuring and reporting greenhouse gas emissions and other sustainability metrics may change over time and may result in inconsistent data, increase our costs, result in significant revisions to our strategies and targets or impact our ability to achieve them. We also are or may become subject to new climate and sustainability laws and regulations, such as the State of California&#8217;s climate change disclosure rules, the European Union&#8217;s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and International Sustainability Standards Board standards. Compliance with such laws and regulations, as well as increased scrutiny from regulators, customers and other stakeholders on our sustainability practices, could result in additional costs and expose us to new risks. Any scrutiny of our greenhouse gas emissions or other sustainability disclosures, our failure to achieve related strategies and targets, or our failure to disclose our sustainability measures consistent with applicable laws and regulations or to the satisfaction of regulators or our stakeholders could negatively impact our reputation or performance. 

We are subject to risks associated with environmental, health and safety regulations. 

We are subject to environmental, health and safety regulations in connection with our global business operations, including but not limited to: regulations related to the design, manufacture, sale, shipping, import, export and use of our products; use, handling, discharge, recycling, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials used in our products or in producing our products; the operation of our facilities; and the use of our real property, including in connection with construction of our infrastructure projects. The failure or inability to comply with existing or future environmental, health and safety regulations could result in: significant remediation or other legal liabilities; the imposition of penalties and fines; restrictions on the development, manufacture, sale, shipping, import, export or use of certain of our products; limitations on the operation of our facilities or ability to use our real property; and a decrease in the value of our real property. We could be required to alter our product design, manufacturing and operations and incur substantial expense to comply with environmental, health and safety regulations, including reporting requirements. Any failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to significant costs and liabilities that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

