 ITEM 1. Business 

We design and make semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our operations began in 1930, and we are incorporated in Delaware. With headquarters in Dallas, Texas, we have design, manufacturing or sales operations in more than 30 countries. Our two reportable segments are Analog and Embedded Processing, and we report the results of our remaining business activities in Other. In 2019, we generated $14.38 billion of revenue. 

For many years, we have run our business with three overarching ambitions in mind. First, we will act like owners who will own the company for decades. Second, we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever changing. And third, we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and that we would want as our neighbor. When we are successful in achieving these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities and shareholders all win. 

Our business model is designed around four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. These advantages include (i) a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, (ii) a broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing products, (iii) reach of market channels including our sales force and TI.com and (iv) diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on Analog and Embedded Processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We believe these markets represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade or longer, due to increasing semiconductor content. Additionally, analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. 

This business model is the foundation of our capital management strategy, which is based on our belief that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. We also believe that free cash flow (cash flow from operations less capital expenditures) will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. TI&#8217;s business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash and return that cash to shareholders. 

The combined effect of our ambitions, business model and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company. Over time, we have gained market share in Analog and Embedded Processing and grown and returned all free cash flow to our owners. 

Product information 

Semiconductors are electronic components that serve as the building blocks inside modern electronic systems and equipment. Semiconductors, generally known as &#8220;chips,&#8221; combine multiple transistors to form a complete electronic circuit. We have tens of thousands of products that are used to accomplish many different things, such as converting and amplifying signals, interfacing with other devices, managing and distributing power, processing data, canceling noise and improving signal resolution. This broad portfolio includes products that are integral to almost all electronic equipment. 

Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels. Our segments also reflect how management allocates resources and measures results. 

Analog 

Our Analog segment generated $10.22 billion of revenue in 2019. Analog semiconductors change real-world signals, such as sound, temperature, pressure or images, by conditioning them, amplifying them and often converting them to a stream of digital data that can be processed by other semiconductors, such as embedded processors. Analog semiconductors are also used to manage power in all electronic equipment by converting, distributing, storing, discharging, isolating and measuring electrical energy, whether the equipment is plugged into a wall or using a battery. Our Analog products are used in many markets, particularly industrial, automotive and personal electronics. 

Sales of our Analog products generated about 71% of our revenue in 2019. According to external sources, the market for analog semiconductors was about $54 billion in 2019. Our Analog segment&#8217;s revenue in 2019 was about 19% of this fragmented market, which is the leading position. We believe we are well positioned to increase our market share over time. 

Our Analog segment includes the following major product lines: Power, Signal Chain and High Volume. 

Power 

Power includes products that help customers manage power in electronic systems. Our broad portfolio is designed to manage power requirements across different voltage levels using battery management solutions, portable components, power supply controls, point-of-load products, switches and interfaces, integrated protection devices, high-voltage products and mobile lighting and display products. 

Signal Chain 

Signal Chain includes products that sense, condition and measure real-world signals to allow information to be transferred or converted for further processing and control. Our Signal Chain products, which serve a variety of end markets, include amplifiers, data converters, interface products, motor drives, clocks and sensing products. 

High Volume 

High Volume includes integrated analog and standard products that are primarily sold into markets such as personal electronics, industrial and automotive. These products support applications like displays and automotive safety systems. 

Embedded Processing 

Our Embedded Processing segment generated $2.94 billion of revenue in 2019. Embedded Processing products are the &#8220;brains&#8221; of many types of electronic equipment. Embedded processors are designed to handle specific tasks and can be optimized for various combinations of performance, power and cost, depending on the application. Our devices vary from simple, low-cost microcontrollers used in applications such as electric toothbrushes to highly specialized, complex devices used in automotive applications such as infotainment systems and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). Our Embedded Processing products are used in many markets, particularly industrial and automotive. 

An important characteristic of our Embedded Processing products is that our customers often invest their own research and development (R&#38;D) to write software that operates on our products. This investment tends to increase the length of our customer relationships because many customers prefer to re-use software from one product generation to the next. 

Sales of Embedded Processing products generated about 20% of our revenue in 2019. According to external sources, the market for embedded processors was about $18 billion in 2019. Our Embedded Processing segment&#8217;s revenue in 2019 was about 16% of this fragmented market, which is among the leaders. We believe we are well positioned to increase our market share over time. 

Our Embedded Processing segment includes the following major product lines: Connected Microcontrollers and Processors. 

Connected Microcontrollers 

Connected Microcontrollers includes microcontrollers, microcontrollers with integrated wireless capabilities and stand-alone wireless connectivity solutions. Microcontrollers are self-contained systems with a processor core, memory and peripherals that are designed to control a set of specific tasks for electronic equipment. 

Processors 

Processors includes digital signal processors (DSPs) and applications processors. DSPs perform mathematical computations almost instantaneously to process or improve digital data. Applications processors are designed for specific computing activity. 

Other 

We report the results of our remaining business activities in Other, which includes operating segments that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for individually reportable segments and cannot be aggregated with other operating segments. Other generated $1.22 billion of revenue in 2019 and includes revenue from DLP &#174; products (primarily used in projectors to create high-definition images), calculators and certain custom semiconductors known as application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs). 

In Other, we also include items that are not used in evaluating the results of or in allocating resources to our segments. Examples of these items include acquisition charges, restructuring charges, and certain corporate-level items, such as litigation expenses, environmental costs, insurance settlements and gains and losses from other activities, including asset dispositions. 

Markets for our products 

The table below lists the major markets for our products in 2019 and the estimated percentage of our 2019 revenue that the market represented. The chart also lists, in declining order of our revenue, the sectors within each market. 

##TABLE_START Market Sector Industrial Factory automation &#38; control (36% of TI revenue) Building automation Grid infrastructure Medical Aerospace &#38; defense Test &#38; measurement Appliances Pro audio, video &#38; signage Motor drives Power delivery Retail automation &#38; payments Industrial transport Lighting Automotive Infotainment &#38; cluster (21% of TI revenue) Advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) Passive safety Hybrid, electric &#38; powertrain systems Body electronics &#38; lighting Personal electronics Mobile phones (23% of TI revenue) Portable electronics PC &#38; notebooks Connected peripherals &#38; printers Home theatre &#38; entertainment TV Tablets Wearables (non-medical) Data storage Gaming Communications equipment Wireless infrastructure (11% of TI revenue) Wired networking Broadband fixed line access Datacom module Enterprise systems Data center &#38; enterprise computing (6% of TI revenue) Enterprise projectors Enterprise machine Other (calculators and other) (3% of TI revenue) ##TABLE_END

Market characteristics 

Competitive landscape 

Despite recent consolidation, the analog and embedded processing markets remain highly fragmented. As a result, we face significant global competition from dozens of large and small companies, including both broad-based suppliers and niche suppliers. Our competitors also include emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. 

We believe that competitive performance in the semiconductor market generally depends on several factors, including the breadth of a company&#8217;s product line, the strength and depth of its channels to market, technological innovation, product development execution, technical support, customer service, quality, reliability, manufacturing capacity and capabilities and price. In addition, manufacturing process and package technologies that provide differentiated levels of performance and a structural cost advantage are competitive factors for our Analog products, and customers&#8217; prior investments in software development is a competitive factor for our Embedded Processing products. 

Product cycle 

The global semiconductor market is characterized by constant, though generally incremental, advances in product designs and manufacturing processes. Semiconductor prices and manufacturing costs tend to decline over time as manufacturing processes and product life cycles mature. 

Market cycle 

The &#8220;semiconductor cycle&#8221; refers to the ebb and flow of supply and demand and the building and depleting of inventories. The semiconductor market historically has been characterized by periods of tight supply caused by strengthening demand and/or insufficient manufacturing capacity, followed by periods of surplus inventory caused by weakening demand and/or excess manufacturing capacity. These are typically referred to as upturns and downturns in the semiconductor cycle. The semiconductor cycle could be affected by the significant time and money required to build and maintain semiconductor manufacturing facilities. 

We employ several strategies to dampen the effect of the semiconductor cycle on TI. We focus our resources on analog and embedded processing products and industrial and automotive markets. These products and markets serve a large and diverse customer base, which reduces our dependence on the performance of a single market or small group of customers. Industrial and automotive markets also benefit from long product life cycles, which help to smooth the impact of cyclicality. In addition, we plan manufacturing facility and equipment expansion ahead of demand, as well as utilize consignment inventory programs to give us improved insight into customer demand and more accurately manage factory loadings. 

Seasonality 

Our revenue is subject to some seasonal variation. Historically, our sequential revenue growth rate tends to be weaker in the first and fourth quarters when compared with the second and third quarters. 

Customers, sales and distribution 

We sell our products to about 100,000 customers. Our customer base is diverse, with more than one-third of our revenue derived from customers outside our largest 100. 

We market and sell our products through direct sales channels, including our broad sales force and our website, and through distributors. In 2019, about 65% of our sales were fulfilled through our distributors, and they maintain inventory of our products. 

Over the past several years, we have been investing in new capabilities and evolving our distribution network to better align with our strategy to establish closer, more direct relationships with our customers. Closer direct customer relationships give us better insight into customer needs and allow us to provide better service and greater assurance of supply, among other benefits. As we expand these direct customer relationships over the next several years, we will have less business flowing through the distribution channel and therefore will require fewer distributors. 

Our investments in new and improved capabilities to directly support our customers include website and e-commerce enhancements as well as inventory consignment programs and order fulfillment services. 

Manufacturing 

Semiconductor manufacturing begins with a sequence of photolithographic and chemical processing steps that fabricate a number of semiconductor devices on a thin silicon wafer. Each device on the wafer is packaged and tested. The entire process takes place in highly specialized facilities, with most products requiring about two to three months for completion. 

We own and operate semiconductor manufacturing facilities in North America, Asia, Japan and Europe. These include both wafer fabrication and assembly/test facilities. Our facilities require substantial investment to construct and are largely fixed-cost assets once in operation. 

We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity, which has about a 40% cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter. To strengthen this advantage, we are moving forward with our plan to build our new 300-millimeter wafer fabrication facility in Richardson, Texas, as 300-millimeter wafers will continue to support the majority of our Analog growth. 

We expect to continue to maintain sufficient internal manufacturing capacity to meet the majority of our production needs and to obtain manufacturing equipment to support new technology developments and revenue growth. To supplement our manufacturing capacity and maximize our responsiveness to customer demand, we use the capacity of outside suppliers, commonly known as foundries, and subcontractors. In 2019, we sourced about 20% of our total wafers from external foundries, most of which support our Embedded Processing segment, and about 40% of our assembly/test services from subcontractors. 

Inventory 

Our objectives for inventory are to maintain high levels of customer service and stable lead times, minimize inventory obsolescence and improve manufacturing asset utilization. To meet these objectives and to allow greater flexibility in periods of high demand, we build ahead of demand long-lived, low-volume products and maintain inventory of other products that have a broad customer base and low risk of obsolescence. Further, we have improved insight into demand and are better able to manage our factory loadings because over time we have increased consignment inventory programs and are building closer, more direct relationships with our customers. In 2019, about 65% of TI revenue was fulfilled from consignment programs. Our strategy and expected customer demand will cause our inventory levels to fluctuate over time. 

Backlog 

We define backlog as of a particular date as purchase orders with a customer-requested delivery date within a specified length of time. Our backlog at any particular date may not be indicative of revenue for any future period. As customer requirements and industry conditions change, orders may be subject to cancellation or modification of terms such as pricing, quantity or delivery date. Customer order placement practices continually evolve based on customers&#8217; individual business needs and capabilities, as well as industry supply and capacity considerations. Further, our consignment programs do not result in backlog because the order occurs at the same time as delivery, i.e., when the customer pulls the product from consigned inventory. Our backlog of orders was $1.0 billion at December 31, 2019, and $1.5 billion at December 31, 2018. 

Raw materials 

We purchase materials, parts and supplies from a number of suppliers. In some cases we purchase such items from sole-source suppliers. The materials, parts and supplies essential to our business are generally available at present, and we believe that such materials, parts and supplies will be available in the foreseeable future. 

Intellectual property 

We own many patents, and have many patent applications pending, in the United States and other countries in fields relating to our business. We have developed a strong, broad-based patent portfolio and continually add patents to that portfolio. We also have license agreements, which vary in duration, involving rights to our portfolio or those of other companies. We do not consider our business materially dependent upon any one patent or patent license. 

We often participate in industry initiatives to set technical standards. Our competitors may participate in the same initiatives. Participation in these initiatives may require us to license certain of our patents to other companies on reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. 

We own trademarks that are used in the conduct of our business. These trademarks are valuable assets, the most important of which are &#8220;Texas Instruments&#8221; and our corporate monogram. 

Executive officers of the Registrant 

The following is an alphabetical list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the company and the positions or offices with the company held by each person named: 

##TABLE_START Name Age Position Niels Anderskouv 50 Senior Vice President Ahmad S. Bahai 57 Senior Vice President Ellen L. Barker 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Kyle M. Flessner 49 Senior Vice President Haviv Ilan 51 Senior Vice President Hagop H. Kozanian 37 Senior Vice President Rafael R. Lizardi 47 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Amichai Ron 42 Senior Vice President Richard K. Templeton 61 Director, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Cynthia Hoff Trochu 56 Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Julie M. Van Haren 51 Senior Vice President Darla H. Whitaker 54 Senior Vice President Bing Xie 52 Senior Vice President ##TABLE_END

The term of office of these officers is from the date of their election until their successor shall have been elected and qualified. All have been employees of the company for more than five years. Messrs. Templeton and Xie and Ms. Whitaker have served as executive officers of the company for more than five years. Ms. Trochu became an executive officer of the company in 2015. Messrs. Anderskouv, Ilan and Lizardi and Mses. Barker and Van Haren became executive officers of the company in 2017. Messrs. Bahai, Flessner and Kozanian became executive officers of the company in 2018. Mr. Ron became an executive officer in 2019. Mr. Anderskouv was previously an executive officer of the company from 2012 to 2014. 

Employees 

At December 31, 2019, we had 29,768 employees. 

Available information 

Our internet address is www.ti.com. Information on our website is not part of this report. We make available free of charge through our Investor Relations website our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Also available through the TI Investor Relations website are reports filed by our directors and executive officers on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports. 

Available on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance: (i) our Corporate Governance Guidelines; (ii) charters for the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Stockholder Relations Committees of our board of directors; (iii) our Code of Conduct; and (iv) our Code of Ethics for TI Chief Executive Officer and Senior Finance Officers. Stockholders may request copies of these documents free of charge by writing to Texas Instruments Incorporated, P.O. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, Texas, 75266-0199, Attention: Investor Relations. 



 ITEM 1A. Risk factors 

You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. Like many companies, we are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community&#8217;s expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community&#8217;s expectations for our future results, dividends or share repurchases, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. 

We have facilities in more than 30 countries. About 85% of our revenue comes from shipments to locations outside the United States; shipments of products into China represent a large portion of our revenue. Certain countries where we operate have experienced, and other countries may experience, increasing protectionism that affects global trade and macroeconomic conditions through the enactment of tariffs, import or export restrictions, trade embargoes and sanctions, restrictions on cross-border investment and other trade barriers. This protectionism impacts our ability to deliver products and product support into China, could cause Chinese customers to seek alternate suppliers and could otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. In addition, our global operations expose us to periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. The remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. 

We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. For example, we may face increased competition as a result of China actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and investment. These actions, in conjunction with trade tensions, may restrict us from participating in the China market or may prevent us from competing effectively. Certain competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. 

Changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our customers include companies in a wide range of end markets and sectors within those markets. If demand in one or more sectors within our end markets declines or the rate of growth slows, our results of operations may be adversely affected. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, or trade restrictions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer&#8217;s inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity. 

Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter&#8217;s revenue forecast. In addition, when responding to customers&#8217; requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers&#8217; demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. If we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. 

Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers&#8217; or our suppliers&#8217; confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. 

Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. 

From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. 

Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. 

We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or health epidemics that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, as listed in Item 2. Properties, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. 

Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. 

Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. In some cases, we might not realize a return or the expected return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute to our operating results until at least a few years after they are completed. 

We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. 

We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers&#8217; operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events or health epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. Additionally, a breach or other incident relating to our suppliers&#8217; information technology systems could result in a release of confidential or proprietary information. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology. 

In particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that certain key raw materials, natural resources and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations. Our products contain materials that are subject to conflict minerals reporting requirements. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Additionally, our costs may increase if one or more of our customers demand that we change the sourcing of materials we cannot identify as conflict-free. 

Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers&#8217; inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology in a timely, cost effective, and appropriate manner, the possibility of suppliers&#8217; imposition of increased costs on us and the unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property. 

Our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. 

Claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, manufacturing, services, designs, communications or cybersecurity could lead to significant expenses as we defend the claims or pay damage awards or settlements. In the event of a claim, we would also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. Any such claims may also cause us to write off the value of related inventory. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. In addition, it is possible for a customer to recall a product containing a TI part, for example, with respect to products used in automotive applications or handheld electronics, which may cause us to incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. 

We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment, safety and health; trade; bribery and corruption; financial reporting; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; market access; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. If we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other legal liability. Furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business. 

Some of these complex laws, rules and regulations &#8211; for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements &#8211; may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a raw material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. A substitute for a prohibited raw material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost. 

Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters. 

We have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. Tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. If our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. A number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits or deductions, including for amounts relating to stock compensation; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in tariff regulations or surcharges; changes in accounting principles; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities. We have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations. 

In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. These laws and regulations can be complex and subject to interpretation. Changes in these laws and regulations, including those that align with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development&#8217;s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations, could affect the locations where we are deemed to earn income, which could in turn affect our results of operations. Each quarter we forecast our tax expense based on our forecast of our performance for the year. If that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax expense will change. 

Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if a customer or a distributor suffers a loss with respect to our inventory. 

We have consignment inventory programs in place for some of our largest customers and distributors. If a customer or distributor were to experience a loss with respect to TI-consigned inventory, our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected if we do not recover the full value of the lost inventory from the customer, distributor or insurer, or if our recovery is delayed. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by our distributors&#8217; promotion of competing product lines or our distributors&#8217; financial performance. 

In 2019, about 65% of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. Our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if our distributors promote competing products over our products. Moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. Disputes with significant distributors could be disruptive or harmful to our business. 

Our margins vary. 

Our profit margins vary due to a number of factors, which may include customer demand and shipment volume; our manufacturing processes; product mix; inventory levels; tariffs; and new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting practices or standards. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. In general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result. 

Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation. 

Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. There can be no assurance that, as our business evolves, we will obtain the necessary intellectual property rights, or that we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on licensed technology from others, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms we consider reasonable. We, directly or indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties, including non-practicing entities that have acquired patents to pursue enforcement actions against other companies. We also face infringement claims where we or our customers make, use or sell products and where the intellectual property laws may be less established or less predictable. These assertions, whether or not of any merit, expose us to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims. 

We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, our efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology and information, including, for example, third parties&#8217; use of our patented or copyrighted technology, or our trade secrets in their products without the right to do so, or third parties&#8217; sale of counterfeit products bearing our trademark. The risk of unfair copying or cloning may impede our ability to sell our products. The laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. 

Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. While we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including our other risk factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise would be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets. 

Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets. 

We maintain bank accounts, one or more multiyear revolving credit agreements, and a portfolio of investments to support the financing needs of the company. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. If we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted. 

Increases in health care and pension benefit costs could affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Federal and state health care reform programs could increase our costs with regard to medical coverage of our employees, which could reduce profitability and affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, obligations related to our pension and other postretirement plans reflect assumptions that affect the planned funding and costs of these plans, including the actual return on plan assets, discount rates, plan participant population demographics and changes in pension regulations. Changes in these assumptions may affect plan funding, cash flow and results of operations, and our costs and funding obligations could increase significantly if our plans&#8217; actual experience differs from these assumptions. 

Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. 

Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, marketing, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws. 

Material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with impairments of goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 



 ITEM 7. Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 

Overview 

We design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. For many years, we have run our business with three overarching ambitions in mind. First, we will act like owners who will own the company for decades. Second, we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever changing. And third, we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and that we would want as our neighbor. When we are successful in achieving these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities and shareholders all win. 

Our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies: 

&#8226; A strong foundation of manufacturing and technology. We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by investing in our advanced analog 300-millimeter capacity, which has about a 40% cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter. To strengthen this advantage, we are moving forward with our plan to build our new 300-millimeter wafer fabrication facility in Richardson, Texas, as 300-millimeter wafers will continue to support the majority of our Analog growth. 

&#8226; Broad portfolio &#160; of differentiated analog and embedded processing products. Our customers need multiple chips for their systems. The breadth of our portfolio means we can meet more of these needs than our competitors can, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. We invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio, which includes tens of thousands of products. &#160; 

&#8226; Reach of market channels. Customers often begin their initial product selection process and design-in journey on our website, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts more customers to our website than any of our competitors&#8217; websites. Our web presence and global sales and applications team are advantages that give us unique access and insight to about 100,000 customers designing TI semiconductors into their end products. &#160; 

&#8226; Diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. Together, the attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. Because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, customer, technology or market. Some of our products generate revenue for decades, which strengthens the return on our investments. 

Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on Analog and Embedded Processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets. We believe these markets represent the best growth opportunities over the next decade or longer, due to increasing semiconductor content. Additionally, analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. 

This business model is the foundation of our capital management strategy, which is based on our belief that free cash flow growth, especially on a per-share basis, is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. We also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders. 

The combined effect of our ambitions, business model and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company. Over time, we have gained market share in Analog and Embedded Processing and grown and returned all free cash flow to our owners. 

Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&#38;A) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. In the following discussion of our results of operations: 

&#8226; Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. See Note 1 to the financial statements for more information regarding our segments. 

&#8226; When we discuss our results: 

&#9702; Unless otherwise noted, changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. 

&#9702; New products do not tend to have a significant impact on our revenue in any given period because we sell such a large number of products. 

&#9702; From time to time, our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the &#8220;mix&#8221; of products shipped. 

&#9702; Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. When factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. Conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase. Increases and decreases in factory loadings tend to correspond to increases and decreases in demand. 

&#8226; All dollar amounts in the tables are stated in millions of U.S. dollars. 

Our results of operations discussed below provides details of our financial results for 2019 and 2018 and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. Discussion of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in &#8220;Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations&#8221; in Part II, Item 7 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

Results of operations 

In 2019, we continued our focus on analog and embedded processing products and the industrial and automotive markets. Together, these products and markets represent highly diverse opportunities with thousands of applications and long-term growth potential. Gross margin of 63.7% reflected the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy, including the benefit of 300-millimeter Analog production. 

Our focus on Analog and Embedded Processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations of $6.65 billion underscored the strength of our business model. Free cash flow was $5.80 billion and represented 40.3% of revenue, up from 38.4% a year ago. During 2019, we returned $5.97 billion to shareholders through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. Our strategy is to return all free cash flow to shareholders. Our dividends represented 52% of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. For an explanation of free cash flow, see the Non-GAAP financial information section. 

Details of financial results &#8211; 2019 compared with 2018 

Revenue of $14.38 billion decreased $1.40 billion, or 9%, primarily due to lower revenue from Embedded Processing and Analog. 

Gross profit of $9.16 billion was down $1.11 billion, or 11%, primarily due to lower revenue. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 63.7% from 65.1%. 

Operating expenses (R&#38;D and SG&#38;A) were $3.19 billion compared with $3.24 billion. 

Acquisition charges of $288 million were non-cash. See Note 7 to the financial statements. 

Restructuring charges/other was a credit of $36 million due to the sale of our manufacturing facility in Greenock, Scotland. 

Operating profit was $5.72 billion, or 39.8% of revenue, compared with $6.71 billion, or 42.5% of revenue. 

Other income and expense (OI&#38;E) was $175 million of income compared with $98 million of income. See Note 12 to the financial statements. 

Interest and debt expense of $170 million increased $45 million due to the issuance of additional long-term debt. 

Our provision for income taxes was $711 million compared with $1.11 billion. The decrease was due to lower income before income taxes and a lower annual operating tax rate. Our annual operating tax rate, which does not include discrete tax items, was 16% compared with 20% in 2018. We use &#8220;annual operating tax rate&#8221; to describe the estimated annual effective tax rate, as explained further in the Non-GAAP financial information section. 

Our effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items, was 12% in 2019 compared with 17% in 2018. See Note 4 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the U.S. statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate. 

Net income was $5.02 billion compared with $5.58 billion. EPS was $5.24 compared with $5.59. 

Segment results &#8211; 2019 compared with 2018 

Analog (includes Power, Signal Chain and High Volume product lines) 

##TABLE_START 2019 2018 Change Revenue $ 10,223 &#160; $ 10,801 &#160; (5) % Operating profit 4,477 &#160; 5,109 &#160; (12) % Operating profit % of revenue 43.8 % 47.3 % ##TABLE_END

Analog revenue decreased due to Power, High Volume and, to a lesser extent, Signal Chain. Operating profit decreased primarily due to lower revenue and associated gross profit. 

Embedded Processing (includes Connected Microcontrollers and Processors product lines) 

##TABLE_START 2019 2018 Change Revenue $ 2,943 &#160; $ 3,554 &#160; (17) % Operating profit 907 &#160; 1,205 &#160; (25) % Operating profit % of revenue 30.8 % 33.9 % ##TABLE_END

Embedded Processing revenue decreased in both product lines, led by Processors. Operating profit decreased due to lower revenue and associated gross profit. 

Other (includes DLP &#174; products, calculators and custom ASIC products) 

##TABLE_START 2019 2018 Change Revenue $ 1,217 &#160; $ 1,429 &#160; (15) % Operating profit * 339 &#160; 399 &#160; (15) % Operating profit % of revenue 27.9 % 27.9 % ##TABLE_END

* Includes acquisition charges and restructuring charges/other 

Other revenue decreased $212 million, and operating profit decreased $60 million. 

Financial condition 

At the end of 2019, total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) was $5.39 billion, an increase of $1.15 billion from the end of 2018. 

Accounts receivable were $1.07 billion, a decrease of $133 million compared with the end of 2018. Days sales outstanding were 29 at the end of both 2019 and 2018. 

Inventory was $2.00 billion, a decrease of $216 million from the end of 2018. Days of inventory at the end of 2019 were 144 compared with 152 at the end of 2018. 

Liquidity and capital resources 

Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a variable rate, revolving credit facility. Cash flows from operating activities for 2019 were $6.65 billion, a decrease of $540 million primarily due to lower net income. 

Our revolving credit facility is with a consortium of investment-grade banks and allows us to borrow up to $2 billion until March 2024. This credit facility also serves as support for the issuance of commercial paper. As of December 31, 2019, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding. 

Investing activities for 2019 used $1.92 billion compared with $78 million in 2018. Capital expenditures were $847 million compared with $1.13 billion in 2018 and were primarily for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in both periods. Short-term investments used cash of $1.14 billion in 2019 and provided cash proceeds of $1.07 billion in 2018. 

Financing activities for 2019 used $4.73 billion compared with $6.33 billion in 2018. In 2019, we received net proceeds of $1.49 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $750 million. In 2018, we received net proceeds of $1.50 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $500 million. Dividends paid in 2019 were $3.01 billion compared with $2.56 billion in 2018, reflecting an increase in the dividend rate, partially offset by fewer shares outstanding. We used $2.96 billion to repurchase 27.4 million shares of our common stock compared with $5.10 billion used in 2018 to repurchase 49.5 million shares. Employee exercises of stock options provided cash proceeds of $539 million compared with $373 million in 2018. 

We had $2.44 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $2.95 billion of short-term investments as of December 31, 2019. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

Non-GAAP financial information 

This MD&#38;A includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. These are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Free cash flow was calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from the most directly comparable GAAP measure, cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations). 

We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. These non-GAAP measures are supplemental to the comparable GAAP measures. 

Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in the table below. 

##TABLE_START For Years Ended December 31, 2019 2018 Cash flow from operations (GAAP) $ 6,649 &#160; $ 7,189 &#160; Capital expenditures (847) &#160; (1,131) &#160; Free cash flow (non-GAAP) $ 5,802 &#160; $ 6,058 &#160; Revenue $ 14,383 &#160; $ 15,784 &#160; Cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue (GAAP) 46.2 % 45.5 % Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue (non-GAAP) 40.3 % 38.4 % ##TABLE_END

This MD&#38;A also includes references to an annual operating tax rate, a non-GAAP term we use to describe the estimated annual effective tax rate, a GAAP measure that by definition does not include discrete tax items. We believe the term annual operating tax rate helps differentiate from the effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items. 

Long-term contractual obligations 

##TABLE_START Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations 2020 2021/2022 2023/2024 Thereafter Total Long-term debt (a) $ 669 &#160; $ 1,349 &#160; $ 1,060 &#160; $ 5,488 &#160; $ 8,566 &#160; Purchase commitments (b) 452 &#160; 407 &#160; 97 &#160; 109 &#160; 1,065 &#160; Transition tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings (c) &#8212; &#160; 100 &#160; 237 &#160; 169 &#160; 506 &#160; Operating leases (d) 75 &#160; 114 &#160; 66 &#160; 131 &#160; 386 &#160; Deferred compensation plans (e) 23 &#160; 63 &#160; 54 &#160; 135 &#160; 275 &#160; Total (f) $ 1,219 &#160; $ 2,033 &#160; $ 1,514 &#160; $ 6,032 &#160; $ 10,798 &#160; ##TABLE_END

(a) Principal and related interest payments for our long-term debt obligations, including amounts classified as the current portion of long-term debt. 

(b) Includes payments for software licenses and contractual arrangements with suppliers when there is a fixed, non-cancellable payment schedule or when minimum payments are due with a reduced delivery schedule. Excludes cancellable arrangements. See Note 11 to the financial statements. 

(c) Includes payments for the one-time transition tax on our indefinitely reinvested earnings related to the 2017 enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. See Note 4 to the financial statements. 

(d) Includes minimum payments for leased facilities and equipment and purchases of industrial gases under contracts accounted for as operating leases. See Note 10 to the financial statements. 

(e) Estimated payments for certain liabilities that existed as of December 31, 2019. 

(f) Excludes $303 million of uncertain tax liabilities under ASC 740, as well as any planned future funding contributions to retirement benefit plans. Amounts associated with uncertain tax liabilities have been excluded because of the difficulty in making reasonably reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities. Regarding future funding of retirement benefit plans, we plan to contribute about $20 million in 2020, but funding projections beyond 2020 are not practical to estimate due to the rules affecting tax-deductible contributions and the impact from the plans&#8217; asset performance, interest rates and potential U.S. and non-U.S. legislation. 

Critical accounting policies 

Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. However, based on facts and circumstances inherent in developing estimates and assumptions, management believes it is unlikely that applying other estimates and assumptions would have a material impact on the financial statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. 

Revenue recognition 

Based on management&#8217;s assessment of the revenue recognition criteria, we generally recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon shipment or delivery to the distributors. For our consignment arrangements with distributors, delivery occurs and revenue is recognized when the distributor pulls product from consignment inventory that we store at designated locations. Recognition is not contingent upon resale of the products to the distributors&#8217; customers in either scenario. 

Revenue is recognized net of allowances, which are management&#8217;s estimates of future credits to be granted to distributors under programs common in the semiconductor industry. These allowances are not material and generally include special pricing arrangements, product returns due to quality issues, and incentives designed to maximize growth opportunities. 

Allowances are based on analysis of historical data and contractual terms and are recorded when revenue is recognized. We believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to distributors in a timely manner. 

Income taxes 

In determining net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. 

In the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to (i) determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and (ii) measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. We recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Although we believe the estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different from what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals. 

As part of our financial process, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets can be recovered. If recovery is not likely, the provision for taxes must be increased by recording a reserve in the form of a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets that are estimated not to be ultimately recoverable. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. These changes, if any, may require adjustments to the deferred tax assets and an accompanying reduction or increase in net income in the period when such determinations are made. 

Inventory valuation allowances 

Inventory is valued net of allowances for unsalable or obsolete raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. Statistical allowances are determined quarterly for raw materials and work-in-process based on historical disposals of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons. For finished goods, quarterly statistical allowances are determined by comparing inventory levels of individual parts to historical shipments, current backlog and estimated future sales in order to identify inventory considered unlikely to be sold. A specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant event not captured by the statistical allowance, such as an end-of-life part or demand with imminent risk of cancellation. Allowances are also calculated quarterly for instances where inventoried costs for individual products are in excess of the net realizable value for those products. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors. 

Changes in accounting standards 

See Note 2 to the financial statements for information regarding the status of new accounting and reporting standards. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

As of December 31, 2019, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

Commitments and contingencies 

See Note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies. 

