 ITEM 1. Business 

We design and manufacture semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our operations began in 1930, and we are incorporated in Delaware. With headquarters in Dallas, Texas, we have design, manufacturing or sales operations in more than 30 countries. Our two reportable segments are Analog and Embedded Processing, and we report the results of our remaining business activities in Other. In 2025, we generated $17.68 billion of revenue. 

For decades, we have operated with a passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors. We were pioneers in the transition from vacuum tubes to transistors and then to integrated circuits. As each generation has become more reliable, more affordable and lower in power, semiconductors are used by a growing number of customers and markets. Our passion continues to be alive today as we help our customers develop electronics and new applications. 

For many years, we have run our business with three overarching ambitions in mind. First, we will act like owners who will own the company for decades. Second, we will adapt and succeed in a world that is ever changing. And third, we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and that we would want as our neighbor. Our ambitions are foundational to ensuring that we operate in a sustainable and environmentally responsible manner. When we are successful in achieving these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities and shareholders all win. 

As engineers, we are fortunate to work on exciting technology that helps our customers innovate to create a better world. Technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric for owners to measure our progress is through the growth of free cash flow per share over the long term. 

Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: 

The first element of our strategy is a business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four competitive advantages. This business model is the result of a series of strategic decisions made over the years and that continue today. The four sustainable competitive advantages are a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, a broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products, the reach of our market channels, and diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. In combination, these four competitive advantages provide tangible benefits, are difficult to replicate and ultimately separate us from our best peers. Together, these competitive advantages help position TI in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages. 

The second element of our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth is disciplined allocation of capital. This spans how we select R&#38;D projects, develop new capabilities, invest in manufacturing capacity or how we think about acquisitions and returning cash to our owners. Over a 10-year period from 2016 to 2025, we allocated $109 billion, which reinforces the importance of discipline in capital allocation. The largest allocation over this period was to drive organic growth, which includes investments in R&#38;D, sales and marketing, capital expenditures and working capital for inventory. In this period, we allocated about $24 billion to capital expenditures to support future revenue growth, which will be a greater component of free cash flow per share growth going forward, as we are near completion of our six-year elevated capital expenditures cycle. Beyond that, we also allocated capital to dividends and share repurchases. Dividends are designed to appeal to a broad set of investors, and share repurchases are made with the goal of the accretive capture of future free cash flow for long-term investors. Lastly, for inorganic growth, we consider acquisitions that meet our financial and strategic objectives. 

The third element of our strategy is efficiency, which we think of as constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. This is about investing in the most impactful areas to maximize the growth of long-term free cash flow per share; it is not just about optimizing cost cutting to get to the last dollar of expense. We bring this philosophy of efficiency and continuous improvement to all areas of the company, and this focus on efficiency contributes to revenue growth, improved gross margins, disciplined R&#38;D and SG&#38;A expense, free cash flow margins and ultimately to free cash flow per share growth. 

We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets TI apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Finally, we will remain focused on the belief that long-term growth of free cash flow per share is the ultimate measure to generate value. 

Product information 

Semiconductors are electronic components that serve as the building blocks inside modern electronic systems and equipment. Semiconductors, generally known as &#8220;chips,&#8221; combine multiple transistors to form a complete electronic circuit. We have a diverse product portfolio that is used to accomplish many different things, such as converting and amplifying signals, interfacing with other devices, managing and distributing power, and processing data. This broad portfolio includes more than 80,000 products that are integral to almost every type of electronic equipment. 

Our segments represent groups of products that have similar design and development requirements, product characteristics and manufacturing processes. Our segments also reflect how management allocates resources and measures results. 

Analog 

Our Analog segment generated $14.01 billion of revenue in 2025. Analog semiconductors change real-world signals, such as sound, temperature, pressure or light, by conditioning them, amplifying them and often converting them to a stream of digital data that can be processed by other semiconductors, such as embedded processors. Analog semiconductors are also used to manage power in all electronic equipment by converting, distributing, storing, discharging, isolating and measuring electrical energy, whether the equipment is plugged into a wall or using a battery. As the digitization of electronics continues, there is a growing need and opportunity for analog chips to provide the power to run devices and the critical interfaces with human beings, the real world and other electronic devices. Our Analog products are used in many markets, including industrial, automotive, data center, personal electronics and communications equipment. 

Sales of our Analog products generated about 79% of our revenue in 2025. 

Our Analog segment includes the following major product lines: Power and Signal Chain. 

Power 

Power includes products that help customers manage power in electronic systems. Our broad portfolio is designed to manage power requirements across different voltage levels, including battery-management solutions, DC/DC switching regulators, AC/DC and isolated DC/DC switching regulators, power switches, linear and low-dropout regulators, voltage references, multiphase controllers and power stages, and lighting products. 

Signal Chain 

Signal Chain includes products that sense, condition and measure real-world signals and convert them into data that can be transferred or converted for further processing and control. Our Signal Chain products include amplifiers, data converters, interface products, motor drives, clocks, logic and sensing products. 

Embedded Processing 

Our Embedded Processing segment generated $2.70 billion of revenue in 2025. Embedded Processing products are the digital &#8220;brains&#8221; of many types of electronic equipment. They are designed to handle specific tasks and can be optimized for various combinations of performance, power and cost, depending on the application. Our products vary from wireless connectivity and simple, low-cost devices such as microcontrollers to highly specialized devices such as radar and vision processing. Our Embedded Processing products are used in many markets, particularly industrial and automotive. 

An important characteristic of our Embedded Processing products is that our customers often invest their own R&#38;D to develop software that operates on our products. This investment tends to increase the length of our customer relationships because many customers prefer to reuse software from one product generation to the next. 

Sales of Embedded Processing products generated about 15% of our revenue in 2025. 

Our Embedded Processing segment includes microcontrollers, processors, wireless connectivity and radar products. Microcontrollers are self-contained systems with a processor core, memory and peripherals that are designed to control a set of specific tasks for electronic equipment and often integrate analog functionality. Our processors are designed for specific computing activity in embedded applications. 

Other 

We report the results of our remaining business activities in Other, which includes operating segments that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for individually reportable segments and cannot be aggregated with other operating segments. Other generated $979 million of revenue in 2025 and includes revenue from DLP &#174; products (primarily used to project high-definition images), calculators and certain custom semiconductors known as application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs). 

In Other, we also include items that are not used in evaluating the results of or in allocating resources to our segments. Examples of these items include acquisition, integration and restructuring charges, as well as certain corporate-level items, such as litigation expenses, environmental costs and gains and losses from other activities, including asset dispositions. 

Markets for our products 

The table below lists the markets for our products in 2025 and the estimated percentage of our 2025 revenue that the market represented. In 2025, we realigned our markets to better reflect the growth opportunities for our analog and embedded products. The table also lists, in declining order of our revenue, the sectors within each market. ##TABLE_START Market Sector Industrial Industrial automation (33% of TI revenue) Aerospace &#38; defense Energy infrastructure Building automation Medical &#38; healthcare Test &#38; measurement Other industrial equipment Appliances Power delivery Robotics Automotive Infotainment &#38; cluster (33% of TI revenue) Advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) Body electronics &#38; lighting Hybrid, electric &#38; powertrain systems Chassis control &#38; safety Data center Data center compute (9% of TI revenue) Data center networking Rack power &#38; thermal management Personal electronics Mobile phones (21% of TI revenue) PC &#38; notebooks Portable electronics Home theater &#38; entertainment Connected peripherals &#38; printers TV Tablets Wearables (non-medical) Gaming Data storage Communications equipment Wireless infrastructure (3% of TI revenue) Wired networking Broadband fixed line access ##TABLE_END

In addition, we sell calculators, which was about 1% of our revenue. 

Market characteristics 

Competitive landscape 

Despite consolidation, the analog and embedded processing markets remain highly fragmented. As a result, we face significant global competition from dozens of large and small companies, including both broad-based suppliers and niche suppliers. Our competitors also include emerging companies, particularly in Asia. 

We believe that competitive performance in the semiconductor market generally depends on many factors, including the breadth of a company&#8217;s product line, the strength and reach of its channels to market, technological innovation, product development execution, technical support, customer service, quality, reliability, price, and manufacturing capacity and capabilities, such as process and package technologies that provide differentiated levels of performance and a structural cost advantage. In addition, customers&#8217; prior investments in software development is also a competitive factor for our embedded processing products. 

Semiconductor cycle 

The semiconductor cycle refers to the ebb and flow of supply and demand and the building and depleting of inventories. It has been characterized by periods of tight supply caused by strengthening demand and/or insufficient manufacturing capacity, followed by periods of surplus inventory caused by weakening demand and/or excess manufacturing capacity. These are typically referred to as upturns and downturns in the semiconductor cycle. Semiconductor cycles are affected by the significant time and money required to build and maintain semiconductor manufacturing facilities. 

Seasonality 

Our revenue is subject to some seasonal variation. Historically, our sequential revenue growth rate tends to be weaker in the first and fourth quarters when compared with the second and third quarters. 

Customers, sales and distribution 

We sell our products to over 100,000 customers. Our customer base is diverse, with about half of our revenue derived from customers outside of our largest 50. 

We market and sell our products through direct sales channels, including our website and broad sales and marketing team, and, to a lesser extent, through distributors. Over the past several years, we have been investing in new capabilities to build closer direct customer relationships. In 2025, more than 80% of our revenue was direct, which includes TI.com. Our investments in new and improved capabilities to directly support our customers include order fulfillment services, inventory programs, business processes and logistics and website and e-commerce capabilities. Closer direct relationships with our customers help to strengthen our reach of market channel advantage and give us access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to opportunities to sell more of our products into each design. Additionally, broader and deeper access gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs. 

In addition to doing business directly with TI, we offer customers the option of using a single worldwide distributor and a few region-specific distributors for order fulfillment. 

Manufacturing 

Semiconductor manufacturing begins with a sequence of photolithographic and chemical processing steps that fabricate a number of semiconductor devices on a thin silicon wafer. Each device on the wafer is packaged and tested. The entire process takes place in highly specialized facilities that require substantial investments. 

We own and operate semiconductor manufacturing facilities in North America, Asia, Japan and Europe. These include both wafer fabrication (fab) and assembly/test facilities. 

We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. This strategic decision to make manufacturing and technology a core competitive advantage provides us with tangible benefits of lower manufacturing costs and greater control of our supply chain, offering our customers geopolitically dependable capacity. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing structural cost advantage by investing in our 300mm capacity, as an unpackaged chip built on a 300mm wafer costs about 40% less than an unpackaged chip built on a 200mm wafer. 

We continue to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity plan to meet demand over time. Semiconductor growth in electronics, particularly in industrial, automotive and data center markets, is expected to continue well into the future. In 2025, we continued qualifying and ramping production at our newest 300mm wafer fabs in Richardson and Sherman, Texas, and Lehi, Utah. These fabs are well positioned to support customer demand, external foundry transfers and internal transfers from our legacy 150mm facilities. 

We expect to maintain sufficient internal manufacturing capacity to meet the majority of our production needs and to obtain manufacturing equipment to support new technology developments and revenue growth. In 2025, we sourced the majority of our wafer fabrication, as well as assembly and test, internally. To supplement our internal manufacturing capacity, we selectively use the capacity of outside suppliers, commonly known as foundries and subcontractors. We source materials, parts and supplies from a diverse set of suppliers globally. The materials, parts and supplies essential to our business are generally available. Our multisite, multiflow production strategy, paired with our business continuity program and global supplier network, supports supply continuity if shortages occur and if materials are available from limited suppliers or geographies. 

We assess and are careful to address potential health, safety and environmental risks presented by our operations, including our manufacturing operations, and our efforts are focused on improving how we responsibly and sustainably manufacture our products. 

Inventory 

Our objectives for inventory are to maintain high levels of customer service, maintain dependable and competitive lead times, minimize inventory obsolescence and improve manufacturing asset utilization. To meet these objectives and to allow greater flexibility in periods of high demand, our strategy is to build ahead of demand our broad-based products that are used across a diverse set of applications and customers and have low risk of obsolescence. Inventory levels will vary based on market conditions and seasonality. We adjust factory loadings as needed to execute on this inventory strategy. 

Intellectual property 

We own many patents and have many patent applications pending in the United States and other countries in fields relating to our business. We have developed a strong, broad-based patent portfolio and continually add patents to that portfolio. We also have license agreements, which vary in duration, involving rights to our portfolio or those of other companies. We do not consider our business materially dependent upon any one patent or patent license. 

Information about our executive officers 

The following is an alphabetical list of the names and ages of the executive officers of the company and the positions or offices with the company held by each person named: ##TABLE_START Name Age Position Ahmad Bahai 63 Senior Vice President Mark Gary 51 Senior Vice President Haviv Ilan 57 Director, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Katie Kane 41 Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Hagop Kozanian 43 Senior Vice President Shanon Leonard 50 Senior Vice President Rafael Lizardi 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Roberts 50 Senior Vice President Amichai Ron 48 Senior Vice President Christine Witzsche 41 Senior Vice President Mohammad Yunus 48 Senior Vice President ##TABLE_END

The term of office of these officers is from the date of their election until their successor shall have been elected and qualified. All have been employees of the company for more than five years. Messrs. Bahai, Gary, Ilan, Kozanian, Lizardi and Ron have served as executive officers of the company for more than five years. Mr. Roberts and Ms. Witzsche became executive officers in 2021. Mr. Leonard became an executive officer in 2022. Ms. Kane and Mr. Yunus became executive officers in 2024. 

Human capital management 

At December 31, 2025, we had about 33,000 employees worldwide. Of those, about 90% were in R&#38;D, sales or manufacturing. Our objective for human capital management is to recruit, develop and retain the best talent possible. As a technology and manufacturing company, our success is grounded in having strong engineering talent and a reliable factory workforce. We have a promote-from-within culture and offer training and development programs that provide the opportunity to quickly gain experience in different areas. In 2025, our turnover rate was 10.1%. 

It is important that our employees represent a mix of experiences and backgrounds in order to make our company stronger, more innovative and more inclusive. We encourage you to review our Corporate Citizenship Report for more information. Nothing in the Corporate Citizenship Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this report. 

Available information 

Our internet address is www.ti.com. Information on our website is not part of this report. We make available free of charge through our Investor Relations website our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also available through the TI Investor Relations website are reports filed by our directors and executive officers on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports. 

Available on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance: (i) our corporate governance guidelines; (ii) charters for the audit, compensation, and governance and stockholder relations committees of our board of directors; (iii) our code of conduct; and (iv) our code of ethics for TI&#8217;s chief executive officer and senior finance officers. Stockholders may request copies of these documents free of charge by writing to Texas Instruments Incorporated, Attention: Investor Relations, P.O. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, Texas, 75266-0199. 



 ITEM 1A. Risk factors 

You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. Like many companies, we are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community&#8217;s expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community&#8217;s expectations for our future results, dividends or share repurchases, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Risks related to our business and industry 

Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. 

We have facilities in more than 30 countries. About 60% of our revenue comes from customers with headquarter locations outside the United States. Revenue from end customers headquartered in China represented about 20% of our revenue in 2025, while revenue from products shipped into China represented about 50% of our revenue in 2025. We also continue to expand our offerings of online transactions and services worldwide. 

The semiconductor industry has recently been the focus of increased regulatory activity and scrutiny, which has contributed to variability in global trade conditions and supply chains. Certain countries where we operate, particularly the United States and China, have experienced, and other countries may experience, geopolitical tensions and administrative measures that affect global trade and macroeconomic conditions through the imposition of tariffs, including tariffs specific to the products that we sell, import or export restrictions, trade embargoes and sanctions, restrictions on cross-border investment and other trade barriers applicable to the semiconductor industry. Geopolitical tensions and administrative measures could limit our access to markets or impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, purchase or receive manufacturing equipment or materials, limit our suppliers&#8217; and customers&#8217; access to our products, or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 

We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, acts of war, terrorism or other hostile acts, pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises, labor conditions, climate change risks and possible disruptions in power, water supply, transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. In addition, our global operations expose us to periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. The remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. 

We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. For example, we may face increased competition as a result of China actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and investment, which could prevent us from competing effectively. Certain competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources and utilize available incentives offered by various countries and government entities to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. 

Changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our customers include companies in a wide range of markets and sectors within those markets. If demand in one or more sectors within our markets declines or the rate of growth slows, our results of operations may be adversely affected. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, changes in demand for customer products, tariffs, export controls or other trade measures, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline or volatility in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events, pandemics, epidemics or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer&#8217;s inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity. 

Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter&#8217;s revenue forecast. We manufacture products with the intent to provide high levels of customer service. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. 

Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, ransomware, malware, software vulnerabilities, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, nation-state espionage, employee malfeasance, use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our or our customers&#8217;, suppliers&#8217;, and other third parties&#8217; confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations (including our online services, platforms and transactions); result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties are frequent, increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving, thereby making them more difficult to detect, mitigate and defend against. 

Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. 

From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, capital investments and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and charges associated with these actions could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. 

Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. 

We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or epidemics that could adversely affect manufacturing capacity, availability and cost of key materials, services, utilities and equipment or otherwise disrupt operations. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency and with more intense effects. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, as listed in the Properties section in Item 2, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. 

Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. 

Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. In some cases, we might not realize a return or the expected return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute to our operating results until at least a few years after they are completed. 

We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. 

We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers&#8217; operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; cybersecurity incidents; ability to access conflict-free minerals; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities. Additionally, a breach or other incident relating to our suppliers&#8217; information technology systems could result in a release of confidential or proprietary information. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology. 

In particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment, and those of our suppliers, require that certain key materials, services and utilities be available. Geopolitical tensions are disrupting and reshaping global supply chains, and suppliers of these items have and might continue to extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to factors beyond our control. Further, certain key materials used in semiconductor manufacturing are primarily sourced from limited geographies. Governments have adopted or proposed measures, including export controls on certain minerals, materials and equipment, that could adversely affect equipment and material availability, cost or movement. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies, install manufacturing equipment or secure necessary personnel for manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations. We have made and will continue to make investments in manufacturing capacity consistent with our capital management strategy, and we might not realize our expected return on those investments. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties (including contractors and other service providers) to support key portions of our operations (including manufacturing operations and advanced logic manufacturing process technology development) and to construct our facilities. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers&#8217; inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology or build facilities in a timely, cost-effective, and appropriate manner, the possibility of suppliers&#8217; imposition of increased costs on us and the unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property. In addition, failure by these suppliers to fulfill expectations, commitments and responsibilities in accordance with agreed terms or applicable laws, rules and regulations (including health, safety, forced labor, human trafficking and supply chain standards) could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain, train and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. 

Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel as well as the contributions and effective succession of senior management and other key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, sales, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain, train and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws and policies, including changes to, or the administration or interpretation of, those laws and policies. Failure to retain, train and recruit key personnel could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. 

Claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, software, manufacturing, services, designs, communications or cybersecurity could lead to significant expenses as we defend the claims or pay damage awards or settlements. In the event of a claim, we would also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. Any such claims may also cause us to write off the value of related inventory. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. In addition, it is possible for a customer to recall a product containing a TI part, for example with respect to products used in automotive applications or handheld electronics, which may cause us to incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. Improper, incorrect, illicit or unauthorized storage, handling, modification, diversion or use of our products, or use of counterfeit products, by third parties could result in reputational harm. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by distributors&#8217; promotion of competing product lines or our distributors&#8217; financial performance and operations. 

In 2025, less than 20% of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. Our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if semiconductor distributors promote competing products over our products. Moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors are subject to administrative measures that materially affect their ability to operate or our ability to supply customers with products or if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. Disputes with current or former distributors could be disruptive or harmful to our business. 

Our margins vary. 

Our profit margins vary due to a number of factors, which may include customer demand and shipment volume; capital expenditures and resulting depreciation; our manufacturing processes; product mix; inventory levels; tariffs; freight costs; and new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting practices or standards. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. With our capacity expansions, capital expenditures and depreciation have increased. In general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result. 

Legal and regulatory risks 

Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. 

We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations on an international, national and local level that affect our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment and climate change; safety; health; trade, including import and export; bribery and corruption; financial reporting; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; facilities and code compliance; market access; pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. From time to time, we receive inquiries from government entities, which could result in enforcement actions or litigation leading to potential disruptions to our operations, or significant fines, penalties or other legal liability. Furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business. 

As reporting and disclosure requirements evolve, the failure, or perceived failure, to meet applicable reporting standards or regulatory expectations could adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. 

Some of these complex laws, rules and regulations &#8211; for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements &#8211; may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. A substitute for a prohibited material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost. 

Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters. 

We have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. Tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. If our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. A number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including changes in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; changes in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits or deductions, including for amounts relating to stock compensation; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in tariff regulations or surcharges; changes in accounting principles; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities. We have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. These laws and regulations can be complex and subject to interpretation. In addition, many countries have enacted or begun the process of enacting laws that align with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development&#8217;s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations; application of these laws to U.S.-based multinational corporations remains uncertain. Changes in laws and regulations could affect the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed, which could in turn affect our results of operations. Each quarter we forecast our tax expense based on our forecast of our performance for the year. If that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax expense will change. 

We have received and may in the future continue to receive government incentives, including but not limited to tax incentives, designed to encourage certain investments in our operations. We may be subject to increased scrutiny from government entities, shareholders and others on how these incentives are earned and spent. Such incentives could be subject to reduction, modification, clawback or termination, and such changes to these incentives could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation. 

Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. There can be no assurance that, as our business evolves, we will obtain the necessary intellectual property rights, or that we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on technology from others for which a license is required, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such a license at all or on terms we consider reasonable. We, directly and indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties, including nonpracticing entities that have acquired patents to pursue enforcement actions against other companies. We also face infringement claims where we or our customers make, use or sell products and where the intellectual property laws may be less established or less predictable. These assertions, whether or not of any merit, expose us to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims. 

We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, our efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology and information, including, for example, third parties&#8217; use of our patented or copyrighted technology, our trade secrets, or unauthorized copying and cloning, in their products without the right to do so, or third parties&#8217; sale of counterfeit products bearing our trademark. Activities such as those listed above may affect our reputation and impede our ability to sell our products. The laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. 

Risks related to our financing activities and other risks 

Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. While we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including our other risk factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise might be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets. 

Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets. 

We maintain bank accounts, a portfolio of investments, access to one or more revolving credit facilities and the ability to issue debt to support the financing needs of the company. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. If we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted. 

Material impairments of our goodwill could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with impairments of goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 



 ITEM 7. Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 

Overview 

We design and manufacture semiconductors that we sell to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Technology is the foundation of our company, but ultimately, our objective and the best metric for owners to measure our progress is through the growth of free cash flow per share over the long term. 

Our strategy to maximize long-term free cash flow per share growth has three elements: 

1. A great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages. The four sustainable competitive advantages are powerful in combination and provide tangible benefits: 

(a) A strong foundation of manufacturing and technology that provides lower costs and greater control of our supply chain. 

(b) A broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products that offers more opportunity per customer and more value for our investments. 

(c) The reach of our market channels that gives access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to better insight and knowledge of customer needs and the opportunity to sell more of our products into each design. 

(d) Diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions that provide less single point dependency and longer returns on our investments. 

Together, these competitive advantages help position TI in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We make our investments with an eye towards long-term strengthening and leveraging of these advantages. 

2. Discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities. This spans how we select R&#38;D projects, develop new capabilities, invest in manufacturing capacity or how we think about acquisitions and returning cash to our owners. 

3. Efficiency, which means constantly striving for more output for every dollar spent. 

We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets TI apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Finally, we will remain focused on the belief that long-term growth of free cash flow per share is the ultimate measure to generate value. 

For more information about market and business characteristics, see the Business discussion in Item 1 of this Form &#160; 10-K. 

Results of operations 

Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&#38;A) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. In the following discussion of our results of operations: 

&#8226; Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. See Note 1 to the financial statements for more information regarding our segments. 

&#8226; When we discuss our results: 

&#9702; Unless otherwise noted, changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. 

&#9702; New products do not tend to have a significant impact on our revenue in any given period because we sell such a large number of products. 

&#9702; From time to time, our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the &#8220;mix&#8221; of products shipped. 

&#9702; Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. When factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. Conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase. 

&#9702; Our LFAB facility, which primarily supports our Embedded Processing business, was purchased as an operating fab and is in the early stages of ramping, so we expect factory loadings to increase over time. Until LFAB ramps, we expect Embedded to carry manufacturing costs that disproportionately affect Embedded Processing operating profit as compared to Analog. 

&#8226; For an explanation of free cash flow, see the Non-GAAP financial information section. 

&#8226; All dollar amounts in the tables are stated in millions of U.S. dollars. 

Our results of operations provides details of our financial results for 2025 and 2024 and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussion of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in &#8220;Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations&#8221; in Part II, Item 7 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. 

Performance summary 

Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. We sell our products into the following markets: industrial, automotive, data center, personal electronics and communications equipment. While all of these markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling our products into the industrial, automotive and data center markets, which we believe represent the best long-term growth opportunities. 

Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our cash flow from operations of $7.15 billion underscored the strength of our business model, the quality of our product portfolio and the benefit of 300mm production. Free cash flow was $2.94 billion and represented 16.6% of revenue. During 2025, we invested $3.94 billion in R&#38;D and SG&#38;A, invested $4.55 billion in capital expenditures and returned $6.48 billion to shareholders. 

Macroeconomic factors 

In 2025, the overall analog and embedded semiconductor market recovery continued, though at a slower pace than prior upturns, likely related to broader macroeconomic dynamics and overall uncertainty. At the same time, global semiconductor shipments remain at levels below the prior peak. In addition, growth of semiconductor content in electronics has continued to drive demand for our products, particularly in the automotive, industrial and data center end markets, and we believe we are well-positioned with inventory and capacity to meet immediate customer demand. 

U.S. legislative update 

On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA). The OBBBA provides changes to U.S. federal tax law, including expensing of U.S. research expenditures and eligible capital expenditures, increasing the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act (CHIPS Act) investment tax credit (ITC) and changing other tax provisions. The effect of the new law resulted in a higher effective tax rate in 2025. For 2026 and beyond, we expect the effective tax rate and tax-related cash payments to be lower than they would have been under prior tax law. 

Details of financial results &#8211; 2025 compared with 2024 

Revenue of $17.68 billion increased $2.04 billion, or 13.0%, due to higher revenue from increased demand in our Analog segment and, to a lesser extent, in our Embedded Processing segment, which were both impacted by the macroeconomic factors discussed above. 

Gross profit of $10.08 billion was up $989 million, or 10.9%, due to higher revenue. Our gross profit was also impacted by higher manufacturing costs associated with our planned capacity expansions, partially offset by reduced costs related to increased factory loadings. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to 57.0% from 58.1%. 

Operating expenses (R&#38;D and SG&#38;A) were $3.94 billion compared with $3.75 billion. 

Restructuring charges/other was $117 million due to efforts to drive operational efficiencies to support our long-term strategy, including the planned closures of our two remaining factories with 150mm production, as well as a non-cash goodwill impairment related to our custom ASIC products. During 2024, we recognized a credit of $124 million primarily due to a gain on the sale of a property. See Note 11 to the financial statements. 

Operating profit was $6.02 billion, or 34.1% of revenue, compared with $5.47 billion, or 34.9% of revenue. This increase was primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit, partially offset by higher operating expenses. 

Other income and expense (OI&#38;E) was $230 million of income compared with $496 million of income. This decrease was due to lower interest income. See Note 11 to the financial statements. 

Interest and debt expense of $543 million increased $35 million due to the issuance of additional long-term debt. See Note 8 to the financial statements. 

Our provision for income taxes was $709 million compared with $654 million. This increase was primarily due to changes in the effect of U.S. tax benefits, including the effect of OBBBA, and higher income before income taxes, partially offset by higher discrete tax benefits of $37 million, primarily related to our non-U.S. operations. Our effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items, was 12.4% in 2025 compared with 12.0% in 2024. See Note 4 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the U.S. statutory corporate tax rate to our effective tax rate. 

Net income was $5.00 billion compared with $4.80 billion. EPS was $5.45 compared with $5.20. 

Segment results &#8211; 2025 compared with 2024 

Analog (includes Power and Signal Chain product lines) ##TABLE_START 2025 2024 Change Revenue $ 14,006 &#160; $ 12,161 15 % Operating profit 5,412 &#160; 4,608 17 % Operating profit % of revenue 38.6 &#160; % 37.9 % ##TABLE_END

Analog revenue increased in both product lines about evenly due to higher demand, which was impacted by the macroeconomic factors discussed above. Operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit, partially offset by higher operating expenses. 

Embedded Processing (includes microcontrollers and processors) ##TABLE_START 2025 2024 Change Revenue $ 2,697 &#160; $ 2,533 6 % Operating profit 304 &#160; 352 (14) % Operating profit % of revenue 11.3 &#160; % 13.9 % ##TABLE_END

Embedded Processing revenue increased due to higher demand, which was impacted by the macroeconomic factors discussed above. Operating profit decreased primarily due to higher manufacturing costs and operating expenses, partially offset by higher revenue. 

Other (includes DLP &#174; products, calculators and custom ASIC products) ##TABLE_START 2025 2024 Change Revenue $ 979 &#160; $ 947 3 % Operating profit * 307 &#160; 505 (39) % Operating profit % of revenue 31.4 &#160; % 53.3 % ##TABLE_END

* Includes Restructuring charges/other 

Other revenue increased $32 million, and operating profit decreased $198 million. 

Financial condition 

At the end of 2025, total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) was $4.88 billion, a decrease of $2.70 billion from the end of 2024. 

Accounts receivable were $1.96 billion, an increase of $244 million compared with the end of 2024. Days sales outstanding at the end of 2025 were 40 compared with 39 at the end of 2024. 

Inventory was $4.80 billion, an increase of $277 million from the end of 2024. Days of inventory at the end of 2025 were 222 compared with 241 at the end of 2024, which reflects the continued execution of our inventory strategy. 

Liquidity and capital resources 

Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and access to debt markets. We also have a variable-rate, revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding. Cash flows from operating activities for 2025 were $7.15 billion, an increase of $835 million primarily due to higher net income and non-cash items, partially offset by higher cash used for working capital. Cash flows from operating activities for 2025 and 2024 include cash benefits of $335 million and $588 million, respectively, from the CHIPS Act ITC used to reduce income taxes payable. 

Investing activities for 2025 used $1.44 billion compared with $3.20 billion in 2024. Capital expenditures were $4.55 billion compared with $4.82 billion in 2024 and were primarily for semiconductor manufacturing equipment and facilities in both periods. In 2025, we received proceeds of $335 million from CHIPS Act incentives, including $75 million in direct funding. Short-term investments provided cash proceeds of $2.78 billion in 2025 compared with $1.47 billion in 2024. 

We are nearing the end of our six-year elevated capital expenditures cycle, and consistent with our capital management strategy, we are expecting to spend about $2 billion to $3 billion in 2026. Beyond 2026, capital expenditures will be dependent on revenue and growth expectations. We expect to continue benefiting from the CHIPS Act, including the 35% ITC on qualifying manufacturing investments for assets placed in service after December 31, 2025, and direct funding of up to $1.6 billion for our three large-scale 300mm wafer fabs located in Sherman, Texas, and Lehi, Utah. 

Financing activities for 2025 used $5.69 billion compared with $2.88 billion in 2024. In 2025, we received net proceeds of $1.20 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $750 million. In 2024, we received net proceeds of $2.98 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and retired maturing debt of $600 million. Dividends paid in 2025 were $5.00 billion compared with $4.80 billion in 2024, reflecting an increased dividend rate. We used $1.48 billion to repurchase 8.5 million shares of our common stock compared with $929 million used in 2024 to repurchase 4.7 million shares. Employee exercises of stock options provided cash proceeds of $400 million compared with $517 million in 2024. 

We had $3.23 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $1.66 billion of short-term investments as of December 31, 2025. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. 

As announced on February 4, 2026, we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Silicon Labs for $231.00 per share in an all-cash transaction, representing a total enterprise value of approximately $7.5 billion. Under the terms of the agreement, Silicon Labs stockholders will receive $231.00 in cash for each share of Silicon Labs common stock they hold at the time of closing, which is currently expected to close in the first half of 2027, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, including approval by Silicon Labs stockholders. We expect to fund the transaction with a combination of cash on hand and debt financing to be arranged prior to closing. 

Non-GAAP financial information 

This MD&#38;A includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. These are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Free cash flow is calculated as cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations) less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from CHIPS Act incentives. 

We believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. These non-GAAP measures are supplemental to the comparable GAAP measures. 

Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in the table below. ##TABLE_START For Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Cash flow from operations (GAAP) * $ 7,153 &#160; $ 6,318 Capital expenditures (4,550) (4,820) Proceeds from CHIPS Act incentives 335 &#160; &#8212; Free cash flow (non-GAAP) $ 2,938 &#160; $ 1,498 Revenue $ 17,682 &#160; $ 15,641 Cash flow from operations as a percentage of revenue (GAAP) 40.5 &#160; % 40.4 % Free cash flow as a percentage of revenue (non-GAAP) 16.6 &#160; % 9.6 % ##TABLE_END

* Includes cash benefits of $335 million and $588 million from the CHIPS Act ITC used to reduce income taxes payable for 2025 and 2024, respectively. 

Critical accounting estimates 

Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Management believes it is unlikely that applying other estimates and assumptions would have a material impact on the financial statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. 

Income taxes 

In determining net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities that arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. 

In the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. The evaluation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained. We determine potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. Although we believe our analysis of the underlying issues and the associated estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different from what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals. 

Commitments and contingencies 

See Note 10 to the financial statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies. 

